Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechsfina051109

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held a press conference at the Defense Ministry in Tel Aviv, on Tuesday's capture of the weapons-smuggling ship, the Francop. Following are his remarks:

"First of all, I would like to commend Defense Minister Ehud Barak, IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Gaby Ashkenazi, GOC Navy Adm. Eliezer Marom, GOC Intelligence Maj.-Gen. Amos Yadlin and the security and intelligence services of the State of Israel, including the Mossad, as well as the IDF soldiers and officers who carried out this very important action for Israel's security.

The navy captured a ship that was carrying a vast quantity of ordnance, which had been sent by the Iranian regime from the port of Bandar Abbas to Syria. From there it was due to be delivered to Hezbollah. The main component of this war materiel was rockets whose sole objective was to attack and kill as many civilians – women, children and the elderly – as possible.

This is a war crime. This is a war crime that the UN General Assembly, which is meeting today, should investigate, discuss and condemn. This is a war crime that should prompt the UN Security Council to convene in special session, especially since it was in gross violation of UN Security Council resolutions. This is a war crime which we know the Iranian regime intends to repeat, further arming Hezbollah, which has already fired thousands of missiles at our communities.

This is what the international community should concentrate on at all times but especially today. But instead, they have chosen to assemble and condemn the IDF and the State of Israel, and to try and undermine our legitimate right to defend ourselves.

I would like make it as clear as possible: This will neither deter us nor prevent us from continuing to act in order to defend Israeli citizens because Israeli citizens know the truth, that the IDF is a moral army without peer, either qualitatively or morally. We know that it is the IDF and the security services of the State of Israel that stand against the war criminals who plan to perpetrate war crimes against Israeli citizens.

I think that the time has come for the international community, at least its more responsible countries, to recognize the truth and not promote a lie."
