Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechgvanim010909



Yarden

(a student at the school): I’m glad you came to our special school. Dreams are realized at our school. I wanted to ask you what your dream was when you were a child. And what do you think a person should do to realize their dream?

PM Netanyahu

: First I want to thank you, Yarden, and thank you all for the warm welcome you gave me, the Minister of Education, Gideon Sa’ar and Mayor Chaim Bibas. These two men are energetic leaders – one changed the education system, and the other changed the city of Modi’in. I’m also pleased to see the Secretary-General of the Teacher’s Union, my friend Yossi Wasserman, as well as the Director General of the Prime Minister’s Office, Eyal Gabay, who is here as well. Finally, Principal Liora, you have done amazing work in opening this new and exciting school.

Before I answer the question, I want to say one thing: I had dreams. Each of you has dreams, and we are all different. However, to be honest with you, I thought that I would be a fair basketball player, but I wasn’t. I was a pretty good soccer player, but basketball – it wasn’t my strong suit. I was good at one thing, not as good at another. Each of you has something you love to do and know how to do, and something is unique to each of you.

What we all share is that we have spirit, we all have soulfulness, we all have a spark, we are all the children of G-d, we all have pain. Each of us remembers that, as a child, other children made fun of us and how painful that was. I remember how much it hurt me.

Each of us remembers doing well on a project or creating a good drawing. I was pretty good at drawing, by the way – not with colors, but I was good at sketching. I remember my teacher saying, “Well done,” and it made me feel really good.

Everyone feels that way. Each of us is different and each of us is the same. We are the same in the way we want to realize what we have inside us: our feelings, our dreams, our aspirations – sometimes in pain and sometimes in joy. I want you to know and understand this: we are different and equal at the same time.

I believe that each of you has your own special dream inside of you, your own special aspiration, your own special love, your own special pride. You have many, many things inside you, and in the end they will come out.

I want to tell you my dream – my dream is for your dreams to come true. That is my dream.

Succeed in your studies and be happy.

Thank you children. Happy New Year.