Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventgalatz140909

Razi Barkay (Host): Good morning, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

PM Netanyahu: Good morning, Razi.

Barkay: How did you hear the news, and where were you?

PM: I heard the news just as I was boarding the plane taking me to my meeting with the President of Egypt. I was shocked, as were the people accompanying me – profoundly shocked. When I landed, I came straight to President Mubarak’s office. Since I was so upset, I told him about the tragedy. He, of course, knew the story about Ilan [Assaf’s father, the Israeli astronaut who was killed when the Space Shuttle Columbia broke apart during its landing attempt], and he too was shocked to hear about Assaf. He told me that he knew the pain of losing a child or grandchild, as he had recently lost his grandson. I could see on his face that he understood that we were experiencing a national trauma, and indeed everyone in Israel is affected.

Barkay: Did you have a chance to talk to Rona [Ramon, Assaf’s mother]?

PM: I returned to Israel late last night, and I called her and spoke with her. I think that right now she’s experiencing what I call “the fires of hell”, something that I have seen and experienced in person.

Barkay: She’s experiencing the fires of hell again. Now she’s grieving two generations.

PM: Her grief is certainly multiplied, and the dimensions of this tragedy are almost Biblical: a father and the son whose love took them into the heavens. They flew up to the skies in steel chariots and fell to the earth in chariots of fire. It is difficult. My first response on the plan was to quote David’s lament for Saul and Jonathan, “The beauty of Israel is slain upon thy high places: how are the mighty fallen.”

Barkay: Mr. Prime Minister, what is it about this family that connects us to them so strongly?

PM: I think that they serve as a symbol and role model. Ilan was the embodiment of the image of the handsome Israel. He was the young fighter pilot who destroyed the Osirak death camp in Iraq [a nuclear reactor], who was sent on such a unique mission. When he went to space, he took with him a memento of the horrible tragedy of the Holocaust.

He understood the tremendous symbolism of a Jew and an Israeli orbiting the Earth, seeing his country, seeing the planet and remembering his people. That is why, when he died, there was a powerful expression of that symbolism, as well as tremendous pride among the people that such a man was one of ours, and then his son followed in his footsteps. He completed flight training in the Israeli Air Force and was the outstanding cadet. He also never hid his intention to follow in his father’s footsteps. This was very moving, and it encompassed elements of commitment, sacrifice and volunteerism.

Barkay: You also experienced bereavement, so let me ask you: mothers experience this terrible dilemma of having to grant their permission for their orphaned children to serve in the army. Do you think this rule should really remain as is, or should it be changed? Right now, the entire burden falls on the mother’s shoulders. The army doesn’t have an equivocal order about this.

PM: I just left a meeting with several ministers and I raised this issue and spoke with the Minister of Defense about it. The dilemmas here are difficult ones, and there is no equivocal answer. The immediate tendency is to say, let’s not make the mothers decide.You know, both my brothers and I served in the same small army unit, and I don’t think my parents actually knew where we served and what risks we took. In fact, we did things above and beyond our official orders, and no one stopped us. In any event, we would have found a way around such orders.Barkay: That’s the question: shouldn’t someone high on the chain of command stop such things?PM: Perhaps, but it won’t help Rona, Yiftah, Tal or Noa [Assaf’s siblings] right now.Barkay: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, thank you very much.PM: Let me take this opportunity, Razi, to say that I believe there isn’t any other nation that could produce such an incredible father and son with so much heart and talent. I think there is something special about our people. I told my wife yesterday that I think that we really are the chosen people in a way, chosen for both supreme glory and supreme tragedy. This sums up our history, and it is exemplified by the story of Ilan and Assaf, and the entire Ramon family, who are the embodiment of Jewish glory and the tragedy of the Jewish people.Barkay: Benjamin Netanyahu, thank you again.PM: Good day.
