Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart260409



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"This week we will mark

Remembrance Day for the Fallen of Israel's wars and Israel's Independence Day

. These are the two contrasting events around which revolve the life of the country and we dilute sadness with joy. Today, I would like to speak about joy because Independence Day this year marks

100 years since the founding of Tel Aviv

; Tel Aviv-Jaffa Mayor Ron Huldai is with us today. Sometimes we witness what is happening in Tel Aviv, the city that does not cease to amaze us, a truly international city, an effervescent, creative and commercial city; a city of entertainment, technology and unceasing creativity, a city of the present and of the future. But it has one characteristic that outshines everything: A Hebrew city, the first Hebrew city. In my opinion, it symbolizes renewal alongside continuity, which is the basic characteristic of the state of Israel, the state of the Jewish People that has returned to its homeland and is building a new life. As a Jerusalemite, I would like to congratulate Mayor Huldai for everything that he and the people of Tel Aviv are doing. In many ways, this city symbolizes the future of the country, along with other parts of the country, of course; but it seems to me that it is in the vanguard of creativity in many areas, and we congratulate Tel Aviv. Mazel tov! I informed the Mayor that we are prepared to give him moral, if not budgetary, support in restoring

Dizengoff Square

to its

original state

, which most – if not all – of us recall. The city is a renewing and changing city and several of its innovations may be turned back."

Mayor Huldai said

: "I thank the Prime Minister and the Government for the honor given me today to be here and represent the first Hebrew city. I understand that this was done out of appreciation for the first Hebrew city's contribution, and that of the entire Zionist enterprise, to the State of Israel. As was stated, Tel Aviv is a main city and I hope that every Israeli will also feel a little Tel Avivish. If you spoke as a Jerusalemite, I say that we, the residents of Tel Aviv, look up when we talk about Jerusalem, in terms of both age and sanctity. We do this out of the proper humility and look to the future with hope and faith for the future."