Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart251009



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Last week I announced my intention to initiate a national project to reduce and – in the end – cancel the global dependence on petroleum. I believe that Israel constitutes a special center of both minds and hearts, of desire and ability to advance such initiatives with the assistance of other governments and of international companies.

We are working on this at the moment, led by National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Eugene Kandel. We are gathering the best minds in the country in these fields. We have experts in science, engineering and the business world. Our possibilities are gigantic because in launching a meeting between energy, water and agriculture – we could create changes in energy consumption patterns.

The world is becoming thirstier. There are going to be severe shortages of water in China. The more that an economy grows and per capita incomes rise, water consumption increases sharply. Water production requires energy. Energy accounts for one-third of the costs in producing water. If we can bring about energy alternatives and connect them with water and do this so that we also maintain the environment, we would be enacting very great changes in the global economy, not just here but elsewhere.

We are going to prepare a national framework with which it will be possible to change the world's great dependence on petroleum. Of course this would be very advantageous for Israel. Petroleum finances regimes including those that translate this into terrorism and instability. Petroleum pollutes the world and we think that we can act on both of these fronts.

I am pleased that we are going to dedicate today's Cabinet meeting to environmental protection, led by Minister Gilad Erdan. We will discuss cleaning the air and preventing pollution. We will discuss various recycling projects. We will discuss, and take action in regard to, alternative energy sources vis-avis both Israel and influencing the global economy. I believe that these are very important policy components for assuring the future and the prosperity of the State of Israel."