Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzel040509



For me, every Herzl Day, every anniversary, is a celebration, a holiday for all of us, but it is a day I identify with personally because I, as no doubt many of you are, am constantly amazed anew at the character and actions of Herzl who was the prophet of our time.

This year I would like to highlight a side of Herzl’s character that is not well-known by the public. Not only is it not well-known to the public, but I believe the complete opposite of reality is what is known. The public widely assumes that Herzl came from an assimilated family, and was himself largely, if not an assimilated Jew, one on the way to assimilation, and when he freed himself from this process, he discovered Zionism.

I personally believed in this conception until I read Yitzhak Weiss’ recently published book, “Herzl – A New Reading”. What becomes clear is that the exact opposite is true, that Herzl came from a Jewish family. Some members of his family were part of the “Lovers of Zion”. His father was Jewish – yes, he was educated and had liberal ideas, but he never abandoned the principles of tradition and went to synagogue. When they moved to the big city, he bought seats in the synagogue for holidays and his son would accompany him. Herzl would say that when he was a boy, a bottle of wine arrived from the Land of Israel, and it made a tremendous impression on him. He wrote, “Who knows if this whole idea of Zionism was not embodied in that same bottle, in that same wine we received, that our family received from the Land of Israel.” He was called to the Torah at his Bar Mitzva. As a youth in high school, when he was 16, he read Doering’s essay. Doering was one of the biggest anti-Semites and he wrote a terrible essay railing against the Jewish people. He wrote the Jews off entirely; he claimed they were an inferior race, they were an insignificant and worthless people. As a youth, Herzl countered Doering and wrote about the greatness of the Jewish people, and explained that only such a tremendous people could weather the storms of time and survive. This showed the strength of the Jewish people.

This is the Herzl who was allegedly assimilated and cut off from Judaism. Herzl married a Jewish woman. While in Basel he wrote of the experience of being called to the Torah before the Congress in Basel. I will read to you what he wrote before the meeting of the First Zionist Congress: “Out of respect for my religion, on the Sabbath before the Congress I went to synagogue. The head of the community called me to read from the Torah, and when I went to the podium I was more moved than on any of the days of the Congress.” He adds, “The few words of blessing in Hebrew got caught in my throat from emotion, more than the opening speech and the closing speech or any of the discussions.”

Members of Knesset,

What I would like to make clear here is that Herzl had a strong and firm Jewish identity. His Judaism had deep roots, and in fact was the reason that he dedicated himself entirely to the fate of his people, and his teaching of Zionism had deep roots in Jewish consciousness and drew from Jewish tradition. By the way, this is also the reason that the teachings which he spread were so strongly embraced, not only by educated Jews on university campuses in Western Europe. It was also adopted wholeheartedly in the shtetls and yeshivas of the traditional, religious world. The Zionist idea re-unified educated, free Jews and those who were religious and traditional.

Herzl defined the process of rehabilitating the Jewish people as a return to what he called Judaism. He said this during the First Zionist Congress in Basel. Zionism was the return to Judaism even before the return to the land of the Jews. What he meant by Judaism was a collective identity made up of religion or more accurately of nationalism and religion and heritage and culture. He was not a religious Jew in today’s terms, but I would like to emphasize that he understood Jewish identity and all its components; it was not foreign to him. It was a part of him, an essential, integral part of Zionism as he shaped it.

That is why he did not view the to-be-established Jewish state only as a sanctuary, even though I will discuss the issue of Uganda later on. He did not view it solely as a sanctuary for some kind of gathering of people, but rather it was supposed to provide the Jewish people with a nation-state. He sought to re-establish a sovereign state for the Jewish people through this national identity comprised of many components.

The question then arises – and I cannot answer it right now – where did this image of Herzl as an assimilated Jew come from? Although I do not know, I assume this image became accepted for two reasons. Firstly, before he called for the establishment of a Jewish state, Herzl said with great concern, given the spread of anti-Semitism and the destruction of European Jewry, that perhaps the Jews would convert to Christianity and thus save themselves. He hurriedly denounced this idea and went on to say that in any case, even when he said that, he would never dream of converting to Christianity himself. His words were noted, and as public figures you know very well that once spoken, words cannot be retracted. It could be that this is one source for this perception.

The second source is, of course, the Uganda question. However, even he viewed Uganda as a temporary sanctuary; he never gave up on the idea of the Land of Israel and he later reconsidered Uganda. What Herzl clearly saw was the spread of anti-Semitism. He said that no force would stop it. He said, “Given the existing conditions no force can stop the spread of the fire that will consume all of European Jewry, and therefore the Jews must leave for a Jewish state in the Land of Israel. We cannot establish it in the Land of Israel right now, so let us establish it first in Uganda.” However, he never ever renounced his Jewish identity, Judaism or Jewish nationalism. In the end, he saw and also said that the only solution that could ensure the future of the Jewish people is a Jewish state in the Land of Israel. He said this at that same stormy discussion during the Sixth Congress at the height of the Uganda argument. He said in it Hebrew and wrote it out in letters so that he would pronounce it correctly: “If I forget thee Oh Jerusalem, let my right hand forget its cunning.”

Herzl did believe that anti-Semitism would die down to a certain level, that there would be normalization in the relations between Jews and non-Jews after the establishment of a Jewish state. However, it must be understood that he pictured a Jewish state with 8 million Jews, 10 million Jews, 12 million Jews. In today’s terms we would have reached more than 50 million Jews and the State of Israel would be so strong, so substantial, so indestructible in the eyes of its enemies that it would lead to the practical cancellation of this hatred.

I cannot imagine what would have happened if this man had lived. I think that one of the tragedies that befell the Jewish people is that he lived for such a short period of time. He started at the age of 36 or 37 and died at 44. According to a survey by my assistants, the average age of Knesset members is 53. Herzl created miracles, and his greatest plan was to establish the Jewish state immediately after the certain collapse of the Ottoman Empire. If he had established it, if he had lived, I have no doubt that the odds of it succeeding would have been greater, and then Jewish history would certainly have been different, but I can only speculate.

In any event, there is one thing of which I am certain – his diagnosis and prognosis were completely right, the only way to ensure the existence of the Jewish people was to establish an independent and sovereign nation-state for the Jewish people here in the Land of Israel, one that was strong enough in terms of its identity and culture in order to defend itself and ensure the Jewish future. This was the basis for Zionism and it has remained the basis of Zionism. That is why those who do not recognize the right of the Jewish people to define themselves and to have an acknowledged nation-state of its own, those who do not understand or respect the profound connection of the people of Israel with its land, do not really respect the legitimate rights of the Jewish people. That is why recognition of the State of Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people is the necessary basis for true peace between us and our Palestinian neighbors.

Members of Knesset,

In this house which symbolizes our sovereignty and freedom, we see the image of Herzl before us here on the wall of the Knesset. I must say on this Herzl Day that Herzl, like Moses, led his people to the Promised Land but was not able to live there, although he did visit here. However, we are here, we live here, immigrants from over 100 countries, speaking over 80 languages who revitalized the magnificence of the culture and ancient language of Hebrew in the land of our forefathers. We revitalized Judaism upon our return to the Land of the Jews. Herzl’s vision became a reality that outshone all imagination. Zionism triumphed. It triumphed against all odds, it triumphed because it was created by the strength of a transcendent and deserving idea, but more than this, Zionism won because it will always exist in us as Benjamin Ze’ev Herzl’s will and vision.