Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart151109



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today (Sunday), 15.11.09:

"Today's meeting will be dedicated to the national campaign to lower alcohol use, especially amongst adolescents. We face an epidemic. In the last three years there has been a 15% rise in alcohol use in Israel. One-third of all young people between the ages of 12-18 report that they became intoxicated in the past year, which is a terrible statistic. Here is another statistic: Approximately 20% of sixth grade boys claim that they have consumed an alcoholic drink, or that they consume an alcoholic drink once a week. Sixth grade. That is the second highest in Europe.

We must act against this. We will take three immediate steps: One, we are initiating a legislative change to restrict the sale of alcohol to minors, expand the ban on alcohol use, and seriously increase the penalty for those who break the law in this respect. Second, we will increase enforcement of the prohibition against alcohol sales in many places. Third, we intend to create a public atmosphere which is against alcohol use, especially amongst youth, by means of various public educational activities. To this end, we will today allocate NIS 27 million for their immediate start.

I think that face a turning point on this subject. Other countries took action and were successful. We are learning from them. The most important thing is to act, to act aggressively, and immediately – and this is what the Government will do.

Today marks the beginning of

Global Entrepreneurship Week

in 110 countries. Israel leads in this field. We are considered the start-up nation. We have very many entrepreneurs. I would like to commend everyone, the work being done in the academic framework, and in the framework of technological endeavors. I think that we need to lead in this. There are also concrete things that the Government will advance in the economic field in order to guarantee that we maintain our qualitative edge, innovation, initiative, which are, ultimately, the key to Israel's economic advantage.