Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokebiometric171109



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today approved the main points of Cabinet Secretary Tzvi Hauser's recommendations regarding the desired arrangement to settle the controversy that has broken out over the draft law on including biometric means of identification and biometric data in identity documents. The Prime Minister directed that the legislative process continue, with the introduction of the necessary changes.

The recommendations were formulated in consultation with Interior Minister Eli Yishai, Strategic Affairs Minister Moshe Yaalon, Minister Michael Eitan, Social Welfare and Social Services Minister Yitzhak Herzog, MK Zeev Elkin, and Knesset Law, Constitution and Justice Committee Chairman David Rotem. The recommendations differentiate between the issuing of smart identity cards and passports and the issue of establishing a biometric data base.

The main points of the recommendations are:

A national biometric data base will not be established in the next 24 months ("examination period").

During the examination period, a voluntary biometric data base will be established that will include biometric means and data for any resident who so agrees. During this period, the urgency of establishing a biometric data base – as well as its goals, the information stored therein and the use thereof – will be considered.

Residents will be included in the voluntary data base only after they have agreed to their data being entered into it. If they refuse – none of their various legal rights shall be impaired.

After the conclusion of the examination period, the Interior Minister will be authorized to decide upon the establishment of a national biometric data base upon consultation with the Justice Minister, the approval of the Ministerial Committee on Biometric Applications, the approval of the Knesset joint Law, Science and Interior committees, and the approval of the Knesset plenum.

The Interior Minister's aforesaid decision may be conditional and may require legislative changes.

The Interior Minister's authority to issue biometric identity cards and passports shall not be impaired.