Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechgandi181009

Here, in the majestic resting-place of fighters and heroes, lies humbly “an officer and a great man”. A commander and leader, an intellectual and a hero, a man of the book and of the sword, a source of inspiration to us all. And a man who exemplified the love of homeland, and of a robust and innate Judaism that is deeply rooted in the Land of Israel.

Rehavam Zeevy’s grave was dug here eight years ago, overlooking a united and bustling Jerusalem, the eternal capital of our people, the city where he was born and the wellspring from which his life ebbed and flowed.

If we look east, north and south from here, we can see Gandhi’s lasting imprint on the map of Jerusalem. It was Gandhi who delineated its present-day boundaries and cultivated areas that turned into lively neighborhoods which are now home to hundreds of thousands of its inhabitants.

For nineteen years, Jewish Jerusalem was squeezed into the end of a narrow corridor, enclosed on three sides by the Ceasefire Lines and bisected by a menacing, municipal line of fences and landmines. Standing before a hostile world, Ben-Gurion courageously proclaimed this area capital of the Jewish state, but its small size prevented Jerusalem from growing during the nineteen years preceding the Six-Day War. Then, after the Six-Day War, the Government of Israel annexed the Old City and united Jerusalem.

Gandhi, then a Major-General on the IDF General Staff and the assistant to the Chief of Operations, was entrusted with the task of sketching the municipal boundaries and supervising the work.

The map of the united city that the Government and the Knesset approved on June 27 was Gandhi’s work. At that very moment, Jerusalem came into its own. Large neighborhoods, from Ramot in the north to Gilo and Har Homa in the south, owe a huge debt of honor and gratitude to Gandhi.

Rehavam Zeevy was born in Yemin Moshe, just opposite the walls of the Old City. His father was a descendant of the ultra-Orthodox Ger sect and his mother also came from an observant family. Through the combination of his early childhood and the view outside his window, he absorbed the light of Jerusalem and the splendor of our Jewish heritage.

This found strong expression in his unwavering devotion to the Jewish people, to Israel's security and to the Land of Israel. His love for his country was total, burning and unbounded. It was the essence of his mission. He was intimately familiar with every corner of the land, every path, every hill and valley, every nook and cranny. The Bible was his guide and his compass, his primary source and the most basic foundation of our national existence, history, values and faith.

He thirsted for knowledge and hoarded every book, article and study about the Land of Israel, its history and antiquities. He sought out every ancient map, every rare document, every fable and story, every poem and song about Israel. He devoured them and could talk about them right down to the smallest detail. I sometimes feel like Naomi Shemer saw Gandhi in front of her when she composed the music for Rabbi Nachman of Breslov’s beautiful lines:

“When the heart fills with song and desire for the Land of Israel, a bright light comes over it from the holiness of the Land, and a heartfelt melody is created from the song of the grass.”

Gandhi’s political opinions were often controversial at the time. But as time passes, it is important that his voice continues to resonate and be heard. His values and fundamental beliefs that are so intertwined with the essence of our lives here .

His voice was proud and self-confident, pure and refined. He was confident in the righteousness of Zionism, filled with a love of Zion and concerned with the importance of building Israel and Jerusalem. It is vital that we too preserve this anchor, these values of love for our homeland, of belonging here and of uncontested right to our homeland. We must all ensure that these values are passed from generation to generation.

This is Gandhi’s true legacy.

If I had to sum up the practical legacy of this great man, it would be that every child in Israel should be given a Bible and told, first, to study it, and then to get up and travel the country.

Dear Yael, Zeevy family,

A brutal enemy cut short the life of the man who was the light of your lives – a loving and beloved husband, a caring father and grandfather, a special person. But his life's work and his legacy survive. He continues – and will continue – to inspire an appreciative and grateful nation.

May his memory be blessed.
