Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart300809



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"I returned on Friday from a diplomatic trip to Europe.

I met with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown

German Chancellor Angela Merkel

and [former] Senator

George Mitchell

, all of whom are true friends of Israel.

What moved me the most was receiving, in Germany,

the Axel Springer publication of the original plans for the Auschwitz and Birkenau extermination camps,

and then

delivering them to Yad Vashem

so that they might be here in Jerusalem.

We live in an era of attempts to deny the Holocaust. These attempts are being made by dark regimes that want to erase the historical truth and delegitimize Israel and the Zionist enterprise. But as of today, whoever wants to is invited to visit Yad Vashem and see with their own eyes Himmler's signature on the plans for Auschwitz and Birkenau.

Later on the same day, I visited the villa at

Wansee, where it was decided, on the shores of a pastoral lake, how to carry out the Final Solution.

Whoever doubts may go there and see with their own eyes Heydrich's signature, as SS chief Himmler's deputy, on the invitation to a discussion of the Final Solution of the Jewish problem, including breakfast.

After about two hours of meals, discussions and cognac, they decided to slaughter our people. They did not succeed in annihilating the Jewish People but they succeeded in murdering six million Jews. This is why, when I was asked to write something in the guestbook, I wrote the Hebrew date and the three Hebrew words: Am Yisrael Chai, The People of Israel Live.

I believe, Education Minister Gideon Saar, that this subject must be a clear and regular part of the curriculum for Israeli students."

Prime Minister Netanyahu referred to the start of the 2009-2010 academic year and noted that Zionism, excellence and zero tolerance for violence will be at the heart of the curriculum.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also commended Industry, Trade and Labor Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer's initiative to return to "blue and white" with a three-year plan to promote the purchase of Israeli products, increase employment and reduce unemployment. The Prime Minister added: "I am blue and white. I was born in Tel Aviv; two days later, we moved to Jerusalem."