Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechshfar010909



My friend, Minister of Education Gideon Sa'ar,

Minister Avishai Braverman,

Deputy Minister Ayoub Kara,

Ms. Orna Simhon, about whom I have learned from the Minister, and now I want results,

The school principal, Kamal Shoufnieh, it seems you are managing this school remarkably well,

Mr. Mayor, I was pleased to hear your comments, and be informed of the vigor with which you are leading this city,

Director General of the Prime Minister's Office, Eyal Gabay,

Chairman of the Teachers Association, Ran Erez,

My friend Samir Kariba,

Sheikhs, distinguished guests, friends and students,

First of all, closing the gaps. The first thing I will attend to after this visit will be to have an air conditioner here. You must have a comfortable environment to allow you to apply yourselves in the right places.

Education is always very demanding of the student, the teacher and the principal, but also of you. It there was one thing I could teach all the children of Israel, it would be that you should be demanding of yourselves.

Each and every one of you has a grain of excellence, even sparks of genius. You are good at something. You can be better at everything, and you can be excellent at something. I talked to the female students sitting in the first row. They were wonderful, aged 15, 16, 17. I asked them what interested them the most. One said math, the other said law, another one said occupational therapy. This means that there is something inside you that you can excel at, and this is what I ask of you.

Once when I was a boy, younger than you, I read in a youth magazine that a man named Rafael Halperin (today he is known for other things) won the title of world champion in free wrestling. I approached my mom with a gloomy face and told her: mom, imagine that there is a kid in Israel that can actually say: my dad is the world champion in free wrestling, and all I can say is that my dad is a professor. Now I tell you: Rafael excelled in free wrestling, my father excelled in history and you will excel in law and you in math and you in occupational therapy. Each and every one of you will find that field of excellence and you will outdo ourselves in all areas.

I want you to be excellent. I believe that this is the key to the question I was asked about how I view the integration of minorities in Israeli society. First of all, through the education system, and also your integration in society, economy, government, every field. This is what we want. It is what I want. We respect you and we want to help you help yourselves get ahead in everything, and this is the first step.

I always think about peace with our neighbors. It is our heart's desire, all of us. Anyone who was ever at war, who lost loved ones in the battlefield, knows how precious peace is. Peace with our neighbors is important, but no less important is peace among us, among the various denominations and among us all, Jews and non-Jews. It is important to me that you will be able to fulfill your individual abilities in our society. One of the people whom I greatly esteem and admire, one of the founders of this state who died before it was established, was named Ze'ev Jabotinsky. He said: "the abundance and wealth will be shared by the son of Arab, the son of Nazareth and my son". I will add to this also the members of the Druze community, whom we hold in the highest regard, as well as the members of the Bedouin community. We want you to enjoy the abundance and wealth here, and this compels us to do things and it also compels each and every one of you to bring out the excellence within you.

I see an education system that nurtures excellence. I want to see an education system with more principals like Kamal. I want to see leadership everywhere. I want to see teachers being rewarded, incentivized and encouraged to encourage you to learn all these subjects – math, sciences, law and also of course English, literature and all other things that are important to us, including civics.

Your city has a low level of violence, but I want it to be non-existent. I want this to be non-existent and I want all the rest to reach new heights, and I believe you can do it. Therefore, when you asked me how I would like to see the education system, I would like to see it looking like this municipal school in Shfaram and even better, and with air conditioners.

Thank you very much. Happy holiday, Ramadan Karim, happy new year to all of us. Thank you very much.