Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokeshapab300409



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today held an additional meeting in order to assess the relevant bodies' readiness regarding developments on the swine flu issue. Deputy Health Minister Yakov Litzman, Deputy Defense Minister Matan Vilnai and other senior officials also took part in the deliberations, following which, the Prime Minister directed that the following steps be taken:

At this stage, the Health Ministry will continue to be responsible for the issue.

All persons entering Israel will be asked to declare whether they were in Mexico in the past week. Those responding in the affirmative will be examined on the spot. To this end, the Health Ministry will dispatch doctors to border crossings and entry points into Israel, especially Ben-Gurion International Airport. The Health Ministry will continue to monitor examinees who were in Mexico in the past week; they will be requested to remain at home.

The Health Ministry will increase stocks of medicines for the disease and will ignore budgetary considerations. The vaccine-to-population ratio is to be much higher than both the global average and World Health Organization recommendations so that Israel is among the five leading countries in the world regarding the medicines-to-population ratio.

The Foreign Ministry will stop the departure of Israeli delegations to Mexico. Travel warnings will be issued to Israelis, who will be called upon to refrain from visiting Mexico at this time. The Foreign Ministry will contact the Mexican authorities today and ask that they refrain – at this stage – from sending delegations and tourists to Israel.

The relevant officials will be in continuous contact with the Palestinian Authority, Jordan and Egypt regarding cooperation on the issue.

The Prime Minister will chair a daily meeting; all relevant officials will be asked to monitor developments, be updated and be prepared for such additional measures as may be necessary.

The Health Ministry will begin an information campaign to instruct the public on how to reduce the chances of becoming infected with the disease and to prevent its spread.