Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventsachar021209



The Jewish people were enslaved in Egypt. And we were the first to protest against slavery – 3,500 years ago. First, against the slavery of our own people, and then against slavery in general. This was no easy achievement. Over 1,300 years later, Aristotle, one of history's greatest philosophers, spoke of the slave as a human machine, devoid of any rights. Nothing but an instrument.

Slavery did not disappear easily. It actually took thousands of years, until the 19th century, for the battle against slavery to become enshrined in progressive society. But slavery is still with us. The fact that there is still trafficking in humans – men, women and children – is appalling. Anyone who considers himself or herself a human being, a member of human civilization, should be outraged. And each and every one of us has to join the effort to end this scourge.

We, in Israel, are taking action through the combined efforts of various Government agencies. And by international standards, we've seen improvement and even achieved a degree of success. It's truly unfortunate that we can only speaking of an improvement, and not of the total eradication of human trafficking. But there has been improvement, owing to the efforts of constructive elements within Israeli society – inside and outside of government – and to the profound sense of morality which unites almost all of us, with the exception of those who are motivated by greed and still trying to profit from trafficking in humans.

Imposing limitations on freedom cheapens the value of human life. And I'm not only talking about trafficking. It's also true when people, women and others, are treated like property with which anyone can do as they please. Beat them, terrorize them or even murder them. This is all part of the same deplorable phenomenon.

I visited a shelter for battered women last week. And I told those women to believe in themselves and in us. To believe that we are here to help them. I want to say the same thing to victims of human trafficking. Believe in yourselves and believe in us. We will come to your rescue – as we have in the past few years – and with even greater diligence.

It's important that anyone who hears me now, anyone who is a victim of this violence, who is constantly subjected to violence or threatened by violence, knows they have an address where they can turn. And that address is here, at the numerous agencies devoted to this issue. In government, but also among the various organizations working to promote civil rights for all people, regardless of their location or nationality.

I'm pleased to be here to pay tribute to those of you who have been so involved in this effort. Congratulations to Marit Danon for her many years of service to our country and for her leadership of the Authority for the Advancement of the Status of Women, which it was actually my personal privilege to establish.

I want to congratulate "Kav La'oved" for its efforts to assist foreign workers. They may be foreign workers, but they are human beings just like us and need to be protected against abuse.

And I want to thank Rinat Davidovich, who heads a shelter for women victims of trafficking, and to express my gratitude to all those engaged in this important work. We're going to be persistent – certainly in the State of Israel, but even beyond – in our drive, to eliminate all human trafficking.

With G-d's help, the battle that the Jewish people have waged against slavery will soon be won. Not just in the State of Israel but everywhere.

Thank you.