Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speecheyva190410



Seven years ago, Yossi Tzur lost his 17 year old son, Assaf. Assaf was murdered in the terror attack on the 37 bus in Haifa. Several months after the tragedy, Yossi wrote the following:

“On a clear spring day on the first day of Adar [Hebrew calendar month]

Under a cloudless azure sky

Pupils returning from school

People returning from a day’s work

There a son speaks with his father

There a daughter stares at the view through the window

There a teenage girl thinks, plans, sketches

There a teenage boy dreams about a surfer in the ocean

On a clear spring day on the first day of Adar

Under a cloudless azure sky

The bright light became the darkness of an abyss

How do people become smoke in an instant?”

With our heads bowed and hearts filled with sorrow, we join together today and remember the thousands of victims of terror, those murdered in terrorist acts against the State of Israel. They were murdered on their way to work; on the bus; on the way home from school; at the train station; at a café; at a hotel; on the highway; in their yard; at the entrance to a club.

Each person and his place.

Every family and the moment when their lives were turned upside down.

The only sin of those murdered was that they lived in Israel, or were visiting Israel, and someone decided that they would die in Israel. But they did not limit their ambitions and they murdered Israelis abroad as well. Just because of who they were, they were slaughtered by merciless killers.

Terror is not a new phenomenon. It has accompanied us since the first days of Zionism, since Jewish settlement was renewed in the Land of Israel at the end of the 19th century.

Today terror is backed by extremist Islamic regimes, led by Iran, who call for the destruction of Israel on a daily basis.

Those who plan terrorist attacks and those who carry them out do not distinguish between their victims, although that is not entirely accurate – they do distinguish. They intentionally, knowingly and consciously, erase the distinction between babies and the elderly, between men and women, between parents and their children, between soldier and non-combatant, between Jew and non-Jew. This is the first erasure they carry out.

They completely disdain the values and laws that are customary in the humane and enlightened world. They have been holding the kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit for four years. To his captors and their leaders I say: return Gilad Shalit home!

Israel’s hand is extended in peace to all those who wish to live with us in peace. But we will pursue those who seek to harm us and those who kill our children wherever they may be and we will impose on them the price of their hatred and their crimes.

Dear families,

I know there is no comfort in words for how can one comfort one who lost his wife simply because she was Israeli?

How can one comfort one who has lost a child simply because he was Jewish and Israeli?

I know that for us, the bereaved families, Memorial Day is just one more day filled with pain and longing, another reminder of what we feel every day.

But today the entire nation identifies with the pain of our terrible loss. And the entire nation prays for the speedy recovery of all those injured in terrorist attacks.

May the souls of the thousands of terror victims be bound to the bond of life. May G-d avenge their blood.