Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokesiyua061210



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu convened this morning a meeting of all director-generals from ministries relevant in the rehabilitation of those harmed by Carmel fire incident. Prime Minister Netanyahu commanded Finance Ministry Dir.-Gen., Haim Shani, to allocate an immediate NIS 2,500 grant to each individual whose homes was burned and who cannot return to them with the month.

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the meeting today (Monday), 6.12.10:

"Three central missions stand before us: To return home the people who were evacuated and to care for those who were harmed; to rebuild those homes which were destroyed and restore infrastructure; and to assure the rehabilitation of Mt. Carmel. Two of these missions are immediate. And when I say immediate, I do not mean months or years, as was the case with the Gaza Strip settlements. We want a different type of treatment here - very quick and very efficient. In order to do this we must think 'outside of the box'. That means that most of the bureaucratic definitions must be re-examined, and if necessary, put to the wayside.

"We are defining this event as a 'mega-fire', because it deviates from the norm. Therefore the treatment of the event itself, the evacuees, the burned homes, is nothing like the normal treatment of any fire that occurs in Israel. This was a huge fire; different in nature, and therefore our perception of it must be different. I know that this treatment is counter to the governmental mind-frame as it exists today, and I do not intend the people who sit here today, but rather to the system which barricades itself against changes of this type. But this time we must go outside the box, because otherwise it will continue and continue, and ultimately the country will pay dearly.

"Therefore, first of all, I define this event as atypical; this was a fire of unusual proportions, to the extent that the individual citizen is helpless to deal with its ramifications. And it is our governmental responsibility to take care of these matters in a special process; efficiently and promptly and to think 'outside of the box.' That is precisely my request to you: Not to adhere to the accepted regulations, which take much time, many weeks, many months. I ask, that in this case, to shorten and alter procedures by defining this incident as extraordinary and unique. All of this is in regards to urgent tasks, such as returning people to their homes, finding temporary housing and restoring the homes that were destroyed.

"I ask the professional personnel to go to the scene already tomorrow. It is possible that I will join you. Let us solve problems as we move. Let us not wait and wait, but rather to solve urgent problems while in motion. Thus we have solved the crisis of the fire itself. And now we must solve the crisis following the fire, while on the move, quickly and with minimum bureaucracy."