Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechga081110



The story of the Jewish people is that of great destruction followed by miraculous redemption. And that same resilient spirit is exemplified by your collective efforts to help this great city rebuild itself after Hurricane Katrina.

Just as you have rallied time after time to help Israel weather the storms it has faced, you rallied to help New Orleans to get back on its feet.

You should be proud of what you've been doing for the Jewish people and the Jewish state over the years, and what you've been doing for others. And that's why I'm doubly proud to be with you here today. Thank you.

On the eve of the 20th century, the founder of modern Zionism, Theodore Herzl, foresaw the great challenges that stood before the dispersed Jewish people. He charted a clear path to direct the Jewish destiny to the safer shores of a Jewish state. Herzl’s vision was guided by three principles: recognize perils, seize opportunities, forge unity.

These same three principles should guide us at the dawn of the 21st century. We must recognize the dangers facing us and work to thwart them. We must seize the opportunities for prosperity and peace. And we must forge unity among our people to shoulder these monumental tasks.

The first requirement of any living organism, of a people, of any collective body, is to identify danger in time. The greatest danger facing Israel and the world is the prospect of a nuclear-armed Iran. Iran threatens to annihilate Israel. It denies the Holocaust. It sponsors terror. It confronts America in Afghanistan and Iraq. It dominates Lebanon and Gaza. It establishes beachheads in Arabia and in Africa. It even spreads its influence into this hemisphere, into South America.

Now, this is what Iran is doing without nuclear weapons. Imagine what it would do with them.

Imagine the devastation that its terror proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas and others, would wreak under an Iranian nuclear umbrella.

This is why Israel appreciates President Obama's successful efforts to have the UN Security Council adopt new sanctions against Iran. It values American efforts to successfully mobilize other countries to adopt harsh measures of their own. There is no doubt that these pressures, these sanctions, are putting strong economic pressures on the Iranian regime.

But we have yet to see any signs that the tyrants of Tehran are reconsidering their pursuit of nuclear weapons. But there's another clear fact. The only time that Iran suspended its nuclear program was for a brief period during 2003, when the regime believed it faced a credible threat of military action against it. And the simple paradox is this: if the international community, led by the United States, hopes to stop Iran’s nuclear program without resorting to military action, it will have to convince Iran that it is prepared to take such action. Containment will not work against Iran. It won’t work with a brazen and erratic regime that accuses the United States of bombing its own cities on 9/11, that calls for the annihilation of Israel, and is the world’s leading sponsor of terrorism.

When faced with such a regime, the only responsible policy is to prevent it from developing atomic weapons in the first place. The bottom line is this: Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped. Iran’s nuclear program is the greatest threat we face.

The assault on Israel’s legitimacy is another danger.

We know from our history that attacks on the Jews were often preceded by attempts to delegitimize the Jewish people – to paint them as vile criminals, as the scourge of humanity. This is why the attempts by our enemies and their misguided fellow travelers to delegitimize the Jewish state must be countered.

Herzl was right about many things. He was right about the conflagration that would soon engulf Europe. He was right about the need for a Jewish state and for a Jewish army to defend that state.

Yet Herzl was too optimistic in believing that the rebirth of the Jewish state would gradually put an end to anti-Semitism.

The establishment of Israel didn't end the hatred towards the Jews. It merely redirected it. The old hatred against the Jewish people is now focused against the Jewish state. If in the past Jews were demonized, singled out or denied the rights that were automatically granted to others, today in many quarters it is Israel that is demonized, singled out and denied the rights that are automatically granted to other nations, first and foremost the right of self-defense.

For too many, Israel is guilty until proven guilty. The greatest success of our detractors is when Jews start believing that themselves – we’ve seen that today.

Last year, at the UN General Assembly, I spoke out against the travesty of the Goldstone Report, which falsely accused Israel of war crimes in Gaza two years ago. The United States, led by President Obama, and Canada, led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper, stood by Israel’s side against this latter-day blood libel. Many countries didn’t.

Hamas finally admitted last week that over 700 of its fighters in Gaza were killed by the IDF during that war. This is precisely what the Israeli army said all along – that roughly 50% of the casualties in that war were Hamas terrorists. Such a high percentage of enemy combatants and such a low percentage of unintended civilian casualties is remarkable in modern urban warfare. It is even more remarkable when fighting an enemy that deliberately and shamelessly embeds itself next to schools and inside mosques and hospitals.

The authors of the Goldstone Report owe the Israeli army an apology. And all those who supported and helped to spread this libel owe the State of Israel an apology. The best way to counter lies is with the truth. This is why I commend your decision to establish the Israel Action Network and dedicate resources to fight this battle of truth. You know, a lie that is unchallenged spreads and grows until it assumes the cachet of self-evident truth, and that is why we must fight these lies and slanders against Israel together to ensure that truth prevails.

The threat from Iran and its proxies, and the continued assault on Israel’s legitimacy, are great perils we must thwart.

Now let me speak about the two great opportunities that we must seize: peace and prosperity.

The opportunity to achieve today a broader Israeli-Arab peace derives not exclusively but mainly from the perception of a common threat. Today, there are many Arab governments and many throughout the Arab world who understand that Iran is a great danger to them as well as to us. This understanding opens up new possibilities for a broader peace that could support our efforts to reach peace with our Palestinian neighbors.

Israelis want to see that the Palestinians are as committed as they are to ending the conflict once and for all. We want to see a parallel commitment. We are ready to recognize a Palestinian state as a state of the Palestinian people, and we expect the Palestinians to recognize Israel as the Jewish state for the Jewish people.

And we want a secure peace. We want to make sure that we don’t walk out and Iran walks in. But this is exactly what happened when we left Lebanon and we left Gaza. We don’t want to see rockets and missiles streaming into a Palestinian state and placed on the hills above Tel Aviv and the hills encircling Jerusalem. If Israel does not maintain a credible military and security presence in the Jordan Valley for the foreseeable future, this is exactly what could happen again.

And I will not let that happen.

We do not want security on a piece of paper. We want security on the ground. Real security. I am willing to make mutual compromises for a genuine peace with the Palestinians, but I will not gamble with the security of the Jewish state. And neither should any one of you. Now, I welcome the fact that there are Palestinian leaders, important ones, who say they want to live peacefully next to Israel, and to them I say something very simple: "If you want to live peacefully next to us, come and negotiate peace with us." Palestinian leaders who genuinely want peace should stop placing preconditions and start negotiating peace. I've thought about the persistent refusal to do this in the face of all the gestures, steps, things that we did, things that we said in the last year and a half. And I thought: "Why does the Palestinian Authority shirk away from peace, why does it move away, why does it seek excuses?" Perhaps the Palestinians think they can avoid negotiations. Perhaps they think that the world will dictate Palestinian demands to Israel. Well, I firmly believe that will not happen because we will not be dictated to, because I am also confident that friends of Israel, led by the United States, will not let that happen. There is only one path towards peace – and that's through a negotiated settlement.

We're prepared—we have been prepared from day one—to embark on that path. And I believe we should spend the next year trying to reach an historic agreement for peace and not waste our time arguing about marginal issues that will not affect the peace map in any way. I am confident that if there is goodwill on the Palestinian side, a formula can be found that will enable peace talks to continue. I believe that if we succeed – and again, I always like to confound the skeptics, I wouldn't be here today if I didn't do it systematically – if we succeed, and achieve this peace, peace between Israel and the Palestinians, and a broader peace between Israel and many countries in the Arab world, I believe that peace would unleash tremendous economic opportunities for Israelis, for Palestinians, and for peoples throughout the region.

But as the last years have shown, we have shown that we have not waited for peace to seize the opportunity to develop a strong economy. As Prime Minister, then as Finance Minister and now again as Prime Minister, I have spent a great deal of time advancing economic reforms and removing obstacles to Israel’s economic growth – and believe me, I have the political scars to show it. The reforms that we have been enacting have changed Israel’s economy beyond recognition. We are now building fast roads and rail lines that crisscross the country, that connect the Negev and the Galilee to the center of the country. Israel is a small country, but until recently it could take forever to go from one side to the other. And that's no longer true. I intend to complete a rail line that will link the Red Sea with the Mediterranean and the Jordan River to the Port of Haifa. What this will do is to enable Israel to take advantage of its strategic geographic location as more and more goods are shipped from east to west.

As the world economy becomes more competitive, Israel is well placed to succeed. We are global leaders in high technology. Our scientists win Nobel Prizes. Our innovations in science and medicine, in water and energy, in communication, in agriculture and in many other fields are literally changing the world. You see that when you use one of your I-Pads, cell phones, when you take certain medicines that sustain and save lives, or when you eat a vegetable that somehow has been growing faster and more productively.

Israel is a wellspring of scientific, technological, artistic and cultural activity. Today, it is ranked 15th in the world in terms of quality of life – that's a report a few days ago by the UN Agency for Development – so you know we're at least 15th. And if that does not impress the young people in the audience, here’s something else that might. For those of you who are planning to travel the world, to exciting locations, Lonely Planet, the tour guide, just ranked Tel Aviv as the 3rd most exciting city in the world. See, I agree with them, but I don't agree with their number one choice. Of course it's Jerusalem. That's next year's report. And I believe this is just the beginning. Israel’s best economic days are ahead.

If we hope to thwart dangers and seize opportunities, we must strengthen our unity. The best way to strengthen Jewish unity is to strengthen Jewish identity. By deepening our connection to our shared past, we fortify our bonds to one another and to our state, and thereby strengthen our common future. This is why this year I decided to initiate a national Heritage Plan that will restore and renovate hundreds of Jewish and Israeli sites throughout the country that resonate with our ancient and modern history.

I want young people to visit the place where Israel’s first Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion, declared our independence, just as I want them to visit the place where our patriarchs and matriarchs, the mothers and fathers of the Jewish nation, are buried. Talk about distortions: can you imagine that UNESCO tried to deny the Jewish connection to Rachel’s Tomb right next to Jerusalem and the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron? That’s the place where Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Sara, Rivka and Leah – you know these names… You know these names for almost 4,000 years, and so does the rest of humanity! Billions of people know them, so this will not work. This absurdity to try to erase our past will not work and this absurd attempt to deny our past will fail as we reconnect a new generation of Jews with their history. They want to know, we all want to know, something that our enemies and the politicized international bodies cannot bring themselves to admit: that the Jewish people are not strangers in the Land of Israel. Israel is our home. It has always been our home. It will always be our home.

I have also decided to enhance Israel’s support for programs that strengthen Jewish identity in the Diaspora. In my first term as Prime Minister, I decided to invest Israeli government funds in what many then thought was a preposterous idea – that we would pay for young Jews to come on short visits to Israel. Since then, a quarter of a million Jews have come to Israel on Birthright programs, and we will continue. I am committed to working with Birthright, MASA and Lapid to ensure that every young Jew who wants to can come to Israel. And I am committed to working with Natan Sharansky and the Jewish Agency to strengthen Jewish identity in the Diaspora.

I know that there are controversial issues that threaten to divide us. We need to resolve these issues in a spirit of compromise and a spirit of tolerance. As Prime Minister of Israel, I promise you that I will not permit anything to undermine the unity of our people. Israel must always be a place that each and every one of you can call home.

Which brings me to Garrett Reisman. Garrett, can you rise, please. Take a look at that man. You know when you say about somebody: "Well, he's an astronaut." Garrett is a real astronaut, and he accompanied a true Israeli hero, Ilan Ramon. He was his friend and his partner, and after Ilan died in that tragic fall from the heavens, Garrett took care of his son Assaf, and I met Garrett in Israel when Assaf fell. I think you've been an exemplary figure, an exemplary friend. I have to say, Garrett, that you have gone higher than any person in this room, but I want you to take one step higher. I want you to make Aliyah to the Jewish state, your home. And I ask you a simple thing: will you come, Garrett, and join us, in Israel? Yes! That was a yes. Thank you.

It is the ability of Israel to bring in such talented people, and such committed Jews, like Garrett.

Garrett Reisman: Thank you. I just wanted to come up and say that even though I am an astronaut, for a question like that I still need to go home and check with my wife. So I will get back to you. I promise.

PM: Get me the wife…

Our unity is a critical foundation of our collective strength. The more we speak with one voice, the more that voice will be heard. And in a rapidly changing world, it needs to be heard loud and clear.

At the beginning of the 21st century, the fantastic rise of Asia challenges many nations, but it's not a danger. It's a natural expansion of global wealth that is lifting hundreds of millions of people out of poverty. The great danger we face is not from the competition between East and West but from the aggressive force wedged between them that is spreading its tentacles far and wide. That force is radical Islam, whose fanaticism and savagery knows no bounds. If I can leave you with one message, it is that we must warn others of this peril.

Because history has habituated us to a simple proposition, that the most advance weapons were usually developed by the most advanced societies. Yet today, primitive and barbaric tyrannies that stone women, hang gays, promote terror worldwide, send bombs to synagogues, and advance the most fanatical doctrines can acquire nuclear weapons, weapons of mass death. If not stopped, the greatest nightmare of all – nuclear terrorism – can become a reality. The civilized world must not let that happen.

As we continue to build a modern and democratic Israel, as we seek peace with all our neighbors, we must also warn the world about this formidable peril. In standing up for modernity against medievalism, the Jewish people and the Jewish state can play a vital role, and are playing a vital role, in securing our common civilization. And by helping dispel the shadows of a dark despotism, we can truly fulfill our destiny to be a beacon of progress and a beacon of light unto all the nations.

God bless you, and see you this year in a united Jerusalem. Thank you very much.