Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechoparis270510



I want to congratulate my fellow Prime Ministers from Estonia and Slovenia, and say thank you to all the distinguished delegates who are here.

I know that everyone here is familiar with the work of Karl Marx. And as representatives of the world’s leading free economies, you know that he didn’t always get it right because nothing has been more important for our common prosperity than the power of free markets. But I am not sure that many of you are familiar with another famous Marx, Groucho Marx. He was the Jewish-American comedian who once said that he would refuse to join any club that would have him as a member.

Well that Marx was also wrong, because we in Israel are deeply honored by your invitation to join this club, the OECD. We see this not only as a recognition of what we have achieved but as a vote of confidence in our ability to continue to make achievements in the year to come.

We’re very grateful to you, Secretary General Angel Gurria, for the superb work that you and your professional staff have done. We’ve had to answer a lot of questions and to undergo a lot of examinations, and they have proved extremely useful to us. But you have also shepherded this process professionally, with brilliance and utter integrity and I want to thank you for that.

I want to thank each and every one of the countries that voted for our accession. We deeply appreciate your support. I also want to thank the previous Israeli Prime Ministers, Finance Ministers and other Ministers who helped reform Israel's economy over the years.

The need for reform never ends. It doesn’t end just as it doesn’t end in a business. You can’t stop improving: your efficiency, your effectiveness of your products, of your services. It’s exactly the same with national economies. And it actually becomes even more necessary in the international global economy. We cannot escape these things. We’d like to. I’ve paid the price of launching quite a few of them. We cannot escape them. There are two basic principles that I’ve unfortunately discovered. One is you can’t live above your means and somehow spending has to be in line with income for national economies as for private businesses or for households. You always have to pay the piper at the end. And the second is: you’ve got to increase competitiveness. You’ve got to make competition-enabling reforms.

We have done both, and we now have a per capita income of roughly $30,000. And we have grown from 2004 to the crisis at about 5% a year and we intend to continue to grow at 5% a year. But we’re going to have to honor these two principles. It might take us a little while to climb back, but this is our goal.

Here with me today are ministers who are helping me and my government achieve these goals– Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, our Minister of Industry Benjamin “Fouad” Ben-Eliezer, and his deputy minister, Orit Noked. I want to use this opportunity also to thank, warmly, our Central Bank Governor, Stanley Fischer. Over the years, I made many difficult decisions affecting our economy. But the easiest decision I ever made was asking Stanley Fischer to head the Bank of Israel. And to my utter shock and amazement, he agreed. His service has been invaluable.

I also want to take this opportunity to thank my wife, Sara and my two boys, who bore the brunt of my absences during my tenure as Finance Minister.

But those who deserve the greatest credit for this historic achievement are the citizens of Israel. We are an ancient people who re-established what is still a young country little more than six decades ago. We possess hardly any natural resources.

Our greatest assets are the brains, drive and ingenuity of our people. They are the reason why Israel is today a global leader in technology and why the world’s leading firms conduct R&D centers and R&D activity in Israel.

In just 62 years, the talents of the people of Israel have made our country a technological center in the world. We are not the greatest producer of technology; we are the greatest producer per capita of technology. But the absolute size, the number of our start-ups, which is in the thousands, the number of companies represented in the NASDAQ, put us very high on the list – not in relative terms – and I think that in information and electronics, in agriculture and water, in science and medicine, in energy and the environment, in all these areas, we are moving ahead with innovation. I intend to do all I can in the coming years to continue to unleash these talents.

The more we continue to free up Israel’s economy with the right amount of regulation – you don’t want too little and you don’t want too much. That’s a very hard decision which we could benefit from the collective experience around this table. This is perhaps the hardest decision. Other decisions are conceptually easy but politically hard to do. By controlling your costs or making the reforms that I talked about – regulation is, intellectually, I think, the most challenging task. And this is something where the collective experience here could give enormous benefit certainly to our country and to our thinking. And the more we continue to remove barriers to competition, the more I believe that our economy will thrive and our people will prosper. We look forward to sharing with you our own expertise – in innovation and R&D certainly, but also in immigrant absorption and in water conservation, in brain research, in miniature satellites, in nano-technology – you name it.

We have a great burst of innovation and research in many, many areas. I believe that the future will belong to those who are able to unleash technology, to unleash creativity and dynamism in their own economies. This is true of all countries, but I believe it is particularly true of developed countries. The only way we can sustain the standard of living of our population is our per capita income increases and to add value with conceptual products – the ability to give additional value to the products and services we produce. And this all goes to technology.

I think that we can share our experiences and be well poised for that journey. And I think that the accession of Israel to the OECD is an important watershed. It certainly is for us in Israel; it’s highly appreciated. But I believe it might be useful also for the OECD

Ladies and gentlemen,

Both Karl Marx and Groucho Marx had it wrong.

Free markets are not destined to the dustbin of history. They have been and will continue to be the wave of the future. And I can think of very few clubs Israel would rather join than this prestigious organization.

On behalf of my government and on behalf of the citizens of Israel, we warmly accept your invitation to join the OECD.

Thank you.