Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart140210

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"This evening, I will leave for Moscow, for meetings with President Medvedev and Prime Minister Putin. I view Russia as in important power and an important friend of the State of Israel. We will discuss a range of issues, but first and foremost Iran. Israel believes that strong pressure must be applied to Iran, especially very sharp sanctions, which US Secy. of State Clinton referred to as 'crippling sanctions.'

Of course, we will also discuss other issues, including bilateral economic issues, in order to strengthen ties and cooperation. We highly value ties with Russia and would like it to support the hastening of moves to revive the peace process – naturally without pre-conditions – between Israel and the Palestinians, and between Israel and the rest of its neighbors.

Today, we will also hold a preliminary discussion on the establishment of a barrier along the Israel-Egyptian border. Israel is the only country in the advanced world that may be reached on foot from Africa. The result of which are security problems and the issue of growing illegal infiltrators, which we must deal with. We will begin discussing this today. Our decisions in the suggested framework are not designed to deny the right of war refugees' entrance to into the State of Israel. This issue is not on the agenda and this right will be maintained. However, we will discuss the possibility of building a fence and technological obstacles along the border for several hundred kilometers. In the end, the plan, which we will decide upon at a further meeting, will be spread over several years. The work itself will begin this year and I think that it will stabilize Israel's borders, an objective shared by all Israelis.

I would like to add that we will also deal with the issue of migration by establishing a team that I will chair, to set a migration law. The State of Israel has no migration law. There is no clear state policy regarding the migration law that should assure the Jewish and democratic character of the State of Israel. I think that this is necessary, and has been for many years. We also intend to implement it. We will establish this team and it will submit its recommendations to the Cabinet soon."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also welcomed Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein, who assumed office last month.
