Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechorchim291110



I take this opportunity to welcome you to the “Dov Yudkovsky” Center. The “Sokolov House” was shorter and simpler, but I allow you to choose the name. This renewed center, which houses a great deal of history, will certainly continue to follow historical developments as they occur right in front of us – now and in the years to come.

I intend to do two things today that are not typical – firstly, I arrived on time. Secondly, I intend to discuss the subject of the media. Today is a special day, certainly in our private national-Zionist history, but also in the interface between the press and media and leaders and diplomacy. I thought I would say a few words about this development [WikiLeaks] in two fields: in the procedural field and also in the field of substance – what was exposed, or at least what was exposed to date.

There is no doubt that there is an influence – in the procedural field certainly – on my profession and on yours. With regard to your profession, you are interested parties. You want revelations. You want scoops. This is the foundation which guides so many of your actions – not all of them, but certainly a great deal of them – and there is no doubt you received a great deal of material. What the American diplomats said about world leaders is interesting, rich material. Even richer is what the leaders say about other leaders, and this no doubt will provide more work for some of the papers. There is a lot of material and a lot of time. It will serve as a rich mine in which to dig, to harp on, to plow.

However, by and large, I don’t think the influence over time will be good for the coverage of diplomatic doings because when the diplomatic system of the largest super-power we have right now, the United States, as well as its diplomats, are exposed, the immediate response will be to reduce exposure. From now on, it will be harder for the talented American diplomats to put relevant information in their cables and reports, which they naturally put in before this exposure. It is clear that that is what is going to happen.

In Israel, we already learned this lesson. I can tell you that every Israeli leader, and certainly anyone with many years and decades of experience, knows that cables can be leaked. And because they can be leaked, we already adapted our actions to this reality. It affects our work; it affects what we do in meetings, who we bring into meetings, what we say in them, when we reduce the number of participants so that the meeting is face-to-face or includes up to four people.

My rule is simple: any additional person you add to a meeting beyond three people exponentially increases the risk for leaks. In fact, if you want to ensure that there is a leak, simply gather a large forum, and you can be certain that things will leak. Some people do this on purpose, and there is yet another way, as you know quite well, for diplomats who want things to be exposed. They simply need to guarantee that there will be what we call NATO distribution, broad distribution, and the material is out.

Therefore, for us in Israel, there is nothing new in this scandal. In my opinion, today’s event will lead to a reduction of participants in meetings. I can directly testify that we conduct our contact with world leaders either directly or in meetings, or over the phone or through encoded phone calls because of what happened today. However, these methods will certainly be used a great deal more now. By the way, in general real classified material is not exposed. It is not uncovered. From the impression I have so far, that kind of material has not been exposed because this procedure is the norm.

There are two opposing things happening here, one versus the other – your desire to expose, which is natural and fundamental and the basis for a free society, versus our desire to conduct effective diplomacy, which in this case obligates us to reduce the circles of information. The result, in my estimation, of all that is happening in front of us – the result of this development – will be fewer revelations and less exposure, certainly with regard to the more complex issues. I must say that I am not certain it will help, not your jobs and not ours. I think circles of consultation and discussion that are too small are not necessarily healthy, but it will be the result of what happened. I am also not sure that the opposite result, a surplus of confidentiality of information, is necessarily desirable in your profession.

We know that transparency is fundamental to the systems of our life, and usually it is necessary. Transparency is necessary in all areas of life. It is necessary for a free, enlightened and open society – it is essential for us. However, there are areas – diplomacy is one of them – where it is not essential. The American president, Woodrow Wilson, championed the principle of open treaties made in the open. I think he was wrong. I believe that open treaties are made in secret. If we look at the breakthroughs in the peace process – for example, the treaty with Egypt – it was a secret until it was brought to Camp David. Now ask yourselves what would have happened if the contact between the sides had been exposed? I doubt the process would have taken place.

In the same measure, there have been enough cases, including in our recent history, in which we were successful in taking the sting out of possible escalations through secret contacts that weren’t exposed and allowed us to disarm security minefields and maintain relative quiet.

In other words, secrecy is inherent to diplomacy and exposure is inherent to journalism. In my opinion, the immediate result of what happened with WikiLeaks is clear. It will be harder for you to do your jobs, and it will be harder for us to do our jobs. I don’t know exactly where it all will lead. I don’t think this is the collapse of journalism and I don’t think this is the collapse of diplomacy. Each will adapt to this reality as best it can in order to achieve the opposing goal we impose on it. In the end, a free society is built on this tension. The tension will remain, and I think it will just be harder to do our jobs, but we are doing them nevertheless.

Regarding the question of the essence of what was uncovered in these documents – the most essential thing is related to the statement I made yesterday before I knew exactly what was in this material. I said that in a free society like ours, there is not a huge gap between what we say in private meetings and what we say in public. In other, less free societies there is a larger gap, and this finds expression in what has been uncovered so far. It finds expression first and foremost in something we have been saying for a number of years – I have said it for a number of years – and that is that the single greatest threat to world peace is the arming and aggression of the Iranian regime.

Another no less important thing that we have also said is that more and more countries, governments and leaders in the Middle East and the world understand that this is the most fundamental threat to the world’s stability. In fact, there is a gap between what is said by leaders in private and what they say in public, especially in our region, because our region is hostage to a narrative, and that narrative is the result of nearly 60 years of propaganda. In this narrative, the single greatest threat to regional peace and to the region’s future is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and Israel’s alleged aggression.

This is what is described. However, the reality is that leaders understand that this narrative is bankrupt. The reality is that there is a new understanding that there is a new threat here. In historic terms, I can safely say that I cannot remember during my lifetime or even before I was born that there was such an understanding in the Middle East as there is today. Usually, there were differences of opinion between us and the central players of the Arab world regarding the essential dangers after the establishment of the state and even before that.

In the 1930’s, there were a great number of people in the Arab world who viewed Germany as their ally. I think that was a terrible threat, not only to us, but also to them. Afterwards, during the Cold War, we had differences of opinion. Many in the region acted as allies to the Soviet Union. I do not believe this alliance served the interests of the Arab world, but they thought it did. For the first time in modern history, there is considerable consensus in the region, including Israel and other countries in the region, that the central threat is posed by Iran and its expansionist plans and military parades. I believe that this has become convincingly clear in the recent revelations, although it was well-known even if it had not been explicitly said.

The real question is where does this all lead? If these revelations mean that regional leaders will not say what they think even in private meetings, then of course there will not be a positive outcome from all this. However, if something new happens as a result of these revelations, and some leaders are bold enough to say openly what they think privately – this would be a genuine breakthrough. It would be a breakthrough first and foremost for peace, because we must change the narrative, the groundless claims that Israel is endangering peace and security in the region, when everyone knows what the real danger is.

I believe that a basis of shared understanding, in the event that this understanding expands and becomes open and public, is the key to regional peace. When we have shared interests, when leaders are ready to tell their people the truth, I think it advances the peace process, because in the end we need public agreement in order to anchor peace as well as security. I believe this is the missing ingredient. Despite this, I cannot tell you in which direction matters will develop. I believe that essentially the greatest threat to regional peace, and maybe even world peace, has been clearly exposed, and I hope that leaders will have enough daring and responsibility to say these things clearly, not only in confidential meetings between diplomats, but to their peoples and to the entire world.

In such a case, these revelations will serve the greatest interest we all share to advance the peace, and forgive me for saying so, to advance the truth. Peace built on layers of lies will not last. It will always crash on the rocks of the reality of the Middle East. However, peace built on the foundations of truth, of facts and of real values – such a peace has the chance of lasting. I hope the results will be the latter and not the former.