Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart041010



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

"The Government is prepared for the great missions of the coming session – passing a budget and continuing to ensure security and advance peace. Our Government is committed to all of these challenges, to lead Israel to prosperity, security and peace.

In the two primary fields, security and the economy, we have had important achievements. We have led the Israeli economy to emerge from the global recession quicker than most – nearly all – western countries. We implemented a policy of aggressive response to missiles fired at us and to other attacks against our territory. The list is long; I will not detail it here.

One month ago, the Palestinians entered into direct talks with us, following a series of gestures that the Government carried out in order to advance the peace process. We have fully lived up to our commitment, a difficult commitment that we took upon ourselves. Now there is interest in continuing the peace negotiations. This is a vital interest for the State of Israel. We are in the midst of sensitive diplomatic contacts with the US administration in order to find a solution that will allow the continuation of the talks. Now is not the time for issuing statements.

We have no interest in causing an uproar. Neither do I have the possibility of denying the baseless media report. But I do have an interest in responding calmly and responsibly in order to advance the diplomatic process. We will quietly consider the situation and the complex reality away from the spotlights. I propose that everyone be patient, act responsibly, calmly and – above all – quietly. This is exactly what we must do.

On October 1, both the world and Israel marked the International Day of Older Persons. The veteran population in Israel numbers 750,000 citizens, approximately 10% of the population. We are all here today thanks to veteran citizens and we must see to their welfare. We know that the number of veteran citizens has increased, but they are not becoming older, rather they are becoming younger. In any event, everyone reaches old age and we must uphold the Biblical injunction to respect the aged.

Already at the beginning of my Government's tenure, we increased support payments for the elderly by approximately NIS 1 billion and that is a lot. It is a very large increase. Of course, the needs are great, but this increase is very significant. Today, we will submit for Government approval, a special incentive for the HMOs to carry out medical tests for citizens over 70. Our goal is to encourage healthy and qualitative lifestyles and, of course, to advance the longevity of the veteran population.

I would like to thank Deputy Minister Dr. Leah Ness for this welcome initiative and for her efforts throughout the year to improve the status of the elderly in Israel."