Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart310110



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Several minutes ago, I planted a tree outside the Prime Minister's Office in order to give an example to Israelis vis-à-vis a project that we are carrying out with the JNF so that every Israeli can plant a tree so as to bring about the greening of our cities and communities. Every such tree absorbs approximately 1,500 kilograms of emissions and gives off approximately 700 kilograms of oxygen. Thus, it cleans and purifies the air, and gives shade in our hot country.

We are the only country in the world that has more trees today than it had 100 years ago and we want to increase this. But this time, we want to plant trees in the yards, perhaps even on the balconies, of urban residences. Thus, we hope to create a greener, healthier and more pleasant fabric of life.

The next item also deals with the green agenda on behalf of the environment. Today, we will make

an important decision on the Kishon Basin and the ability to lay a natural gas pipeline that will link the greater Haifa metropolitan area to a natural gas supply network

. This has major consequences, as Environmental Protection Minister Gilad Erdan has explained. This will affect the health and maybe even the lives of residents of the greater Haifa metropolitan area, who are choking under especially heavy air pollution.

The supply of natural gas will dramatically improve air quality there. This is related not only to cleaner air, it is also cheaper and will save the country considerable money.

The pipeline route will also serve Highway #6 and the northern railway. Today, we will decide to open this infrastructures bottleneck

I would like to add that we want to reach understandings. Led by Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai, we have gone towards reaching understandings with the Druze landowners. The Druze are very dear to the country; they contribute to it. There are also Jewish landowners there. We think that we have made a very generous offer. Today's decision will facilitate a resolution of these problems, mainly the resolution of a national problem that must be dealt with. I think that this will contribute to the environment, the quality of transportation and the north's link to the center. I would like to thank National Infrastructures Minister Uzi Landau, Environmental Protection Minister Erdan, Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz, Interior Minister Eli Yishai and Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch.

We will also discuss the waiving of visas for tourists from the Ukraine, much as the previous Government did for tourists from Russia. Tourism from Russia has, if I am not mistaken, quadrupled, leading to the creation of thousands and thousands of jobs."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also welcomed

his new Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Johanan Locker

, paid tribute to

outgoing Attorney General Menachem Mazuz

and noted that the Cabinet would, today, appoint Vered Suweid as Director of the

PMO Authority for the Advancement of the Status of Women