Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventdira151110

Over the past five years, we have witnessed a sharp increase in housing prices. We know this makes things very difficult for the entire population, but primarily on young couples. The step of buying an apartment is the first step people take when venturing on a shared life, and it is becoming a much more difficult step. People find temporary solutions, and frequently we even see adults staying in their parent’s home and looking for other solutions. The housing crisis in Israel is growing worse. We believe that this problem must be dealt with from the root. Therefore, when the government began its tenure, I proposed three long-term steps to treat the problem of supply. The problem of supply – of land and of housing – is the central problem in the housing market in the State of Israel.

We determined three things that I believe to be central to resolving the problem:

First was the reform of the Israel Land Administration that we passed, which, inter alia, increases the supply of land on which the State of Israel can be built.

Second is the plan for Israel’s transportation system, which in fact lays out transportation lines, fast roads and rail lines from the north to the south, thereby opening up the peripheral areas of the country. This step can also combine with the third thing for developing the supply of land and sewage systems in Israel.

Third is the planning and construction reform, which is currently under discussion in the Knesset and would expedite the planning process as well as how long it takes to get construction permits in Israel.

These three things are central, they are important and they truly deal with the housing and construction problems in Israel. Without them, we would not be able to do much over time, but with them we can foment a real revolution. This is with regard to the long-term. However, we do not only live in the long-term; we also live in the short-term.

In the short-term, we did two things over the past year that were intended to ease this crisis: the first was to cancel the restriction on planning and construction in the center of the country, which was a restriction imposed by the previous government. It was cancelled and thereby opened up possibilities in the center of the country as well. This restriction, of course, caused a worsening of the increase of housing prices in high-demand areas.

The second thing we did was to increase the supply of land available through the Israel Land Administration this year and, if I’m not mistaken, doubled it so that 30,000 housing units are available, compared with an average of 15,000 over the past decade.

These are important steps, but they are not enough. A greater, more consistent and methodical effort is needed in the long-term in order to ensure that there will be an improvement of the housing crisis you are all familiar with in the short-tem. Therefore, last month I assembled a joint forum comprised of the Minister of Finance, the Minister of Housing and Development, the Governor of the Bank of Israel, the Director General of my office, representatives of their offices, Director of the Israel Land Administration, Yaron Bibi, the director of the Budget Department and others – a professional team already working in this field – with the goal of providing practical, short-term solutions.

I made an additional decision because of the importance to move forward, and that decision is to decide on further steps, if necessary, every few weeks. Therefore, what we will present to you here today are preliminary steps – the first dose, or the first wave, if you will. I say this because I have some experience in a similar field from when I was Minister of Finance, and every once in a while I would present solutions until the public and the market eventually got used to the idea that there was a methodical effort being made. That is why we meet almost every week, and as long as necessary, we will come and present additional steps. Expect a continuation, and soon.
