Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart200610



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, the cabinet will discuss a national blueprint for the construction of a seawater desalination plant at Sorek, at an investment of NIS 2 billion.

In recent years, the Israeli water economy has become caught in a deep crisis. There is a gap of millions of cubic meters that we will need per annum and this gap will be filled by the installations that we are planning. The Sorek desalination facility will supply 150 million cubic meters annually, 25% of the water that the State of Israel lacks per annum.

The installation will include a pumping station, a desalination facility that will stretch over 300 dunams, reservoirs, pipelines and a special electric infrastructure. This is an infrastructure project of the highest national importance. Solving the water problem is an integral part of creating the state of Israel's infrastructure base for the 21st century.

This project joins a long series of infrastructure projects that the Government is advancing. First, in the gas sphere, as you know, we are continuing to lay a natural gas pipeline to the north of the country and in other places. Second, for the first time, we are linking IDF bases to an advanced wastewater treatment network. Third, we are building a ground barrier in the south in order to prevent uncontrolled entry onto the territory of the State of Israel. And fourth and most importantly, we are building a national network of railroads and highways north and south; of course, we are also building up the transportation network in the center of the country. And there are other projects.

We will also discuss the mutual cancellation of the need for entry visas between Israel and Ukraine. We carried out a similar step between Russia and Israel, which has led to a doubling in the number of Russian tourists visiting Israel, including many non-Jewish tourists. I am not talking about visits by Russian Jews but about non-Jews from Russia who are choosing to visit Israel in growing numbers as a result of the visa cancellation.

Ukraine has been friendly to Israel in the international arena. It supported Israel in the struggle against the Goldstone report. It supported us against the attempts to deny our right to defend ourselves. I believe that cancelling the need for visas will strengthen economic, tourist and diplomatic links between the two countries. Of course, this will make it easier for the hundreds of thousands of Israelis who have emigrated from Ukraine to visit their family and friends."