Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechfisher170310



Translation

Five years ago, when serving as Minister of Finance, I recommended to then-Prime Minister Ariel Sharon that he appoint Stanley Fischer to the position of Governor of the Bank of Israel. Five years later as Prime Minister, I recommended to the Minister of Finance, Yuval Steinitz, that he appoint Stanley Fischer Governor of the Bank of Israel.

To be precise, it was a mutual recommendation. I recommended it to him and he recommended it to me, and we shook hands in agreement that I believe is universally felt in Israel – and worldwide – that Stanley Fischer is doing an outstanding job as Governor of the Bank of Israel and there is no one more deserving to continue for another term.

Today we are here to announce our joint recommendation to appoint you, Stanley, to an additional term so that you can continue the work you have begun. We are also able do this because yesterday we successfully passed the historic law reforming the Bank of Israel, a law that will help create a modern, independent bank with all the necessary financial tools.

I believe that the combination of this legislation, the passing of a two-year budget, which we intend to do for the second time, the large-scale reform of the Israel Land Administration and the new rail lines and highways from the north to the south of the country will help make a real difference. Yesterday I was in Kiryat Shmona for an event and during the entire ride I was amazed by the fantastic infrastructure work being done in paving highways to Kiryat Shmona.

This vision is coming to fruition alongside the comprehensive reform of construction and planning that we will bring before the Knesset today for a vote, as well as laying an obstruction along the Israel-Africa border. We are also working to encourage Israeli scientists to return home and are promoting many other plans. We are working and will continue to work, but we need Israel’s economy to continue growing. In order to do so, besides the important work being carried out by the government, the Ministry of Finance and the other government ministries, we need an independent, strong and professional central bank.

I believe the legislation advances this. I believe that the appointment of Stanley Fischer to another term as Governor of the Bank of Israel will greatly contribute to Israel’s economy and to the State of Israel as a whole. That is why I hope that at the end of my statement and Yuval’s, you will say yes, Stanley.

When I spoke to you five years ago, I think you were on vacation at the time, I said: “Stan, I want to ruin your vacation and offer you a proposal – not an indecent one, but certainly a strange one”. The proposal was that we needed the best people in the world to fill professional positions as much as possible, the best of world Jewry. I thought, let’s see what will happen. I’ll put it out there and we’ll see. What’s the worst that could happen? Worst case scenario, he’ll say no.

I remember you listened to me and then there was silence. Then you said five very important words: “Let me think about it”. I replied that I wouldn’t let you think about it, that I wanted you to decide about it. Of course, you thought about it and made a decision that today we are continuing.

So I thought today I would bring you this photograph taken of us then. Here I am as Minister of Finance, and Arik is here as Prime Minister and you as Governor. Today there’s a different photograph. You’ll have two photographs of two terms. That’s all that is allowed under the law.

I present this photograph to you, Stan, with deep appreciation for the wonderful job you’ve done and will continue to do. Thank you very much.

As Minister of Finance and as Prime Minister, I stipulated one rule. In our discussions Yuval, Stanley and I made a distinction between a forecast and a target. Our target is to increase growth to approximately 4-5% per year. That means we are not only looking at what is going to happen, but we are also asking how we can influence things so that we can achieve our goal.

There is only one way to achieve this unless we want to be entirely dependent on what is happening in the world markets. We must function better in terms of how the markets behave because if we are average, our standing among developed nations will also be average.

We were better than developed countries in terms of growth because we did things that not many other countries did. Stan defined it with one word: reforms – basic reforms and structural ones. In fact, he means removing bureaucratic obstacles, obstacles to competition and to making civil services and the entire economy more effective.

This refers as well to developing tracks of movement – financial, business and physical – that allow the economy to flow. This is in addition to other steps we have taken and will take.

The reason Israel did better than most of the developed countries around the world in terms of growth is because Israel enacted reforms that help cut through bureaucratic red tape, reduced heavy taxation levels and primarily increased competition in the economy. We will continue on this path, and I am certain that this will ensure that we meet our target of higher than average growth among developed countries with similar per capita income.

We have partners to this effort. We have excellent partners – a winning team – not only those standing here, but all the employees of the Bank of Israel, the Ministry of Finance and the other government ministries. I think it is an exceptional team. I believe our results will reflect this.

Thank you.