Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventaustria230610



PM Netanyahu:

Good evening.

It is my pleasure to welcome the Chancellor of Austria Werner Faymann. Welcome to Jerusalem.

Austria and Israel have excellent relations in many areas such as tourism and trade. The Chancellor just informed me that Israeli trade has increased but Israeli imports have decreased. I told him that both imports and exports will increase. Your visit serves to strengthen our relations. I am pleased to see you here, and for the opportunity that we had and will have again, to discuss our relations and our aspiration to achieve peace and security between us and our neighbors.

Austria took an important step on the matter of regional and global security when it voted for sanctions against Iran at the UN Security Council.

This step must extend beyond the Security Council.

It is now time for the United States and EU countries to continue in the same direction and implement crippling sanctions against Iran outside of the UN Security Council, first and foremost in the area of energy. The current regime relies on energy. Effective sanctions against importing refined petroleum products and exporting petroleum can certainly have an influence.

On Sunday, the Government of Israel decided upon a new policy regarding Gaza.

From now on, all civilian goods will be able to enter Gaza. Weapons and war materiel will not be allowed to enter the Gaza Strip. During the next few days, we will publish a list of materials not allowed into Gaza in order to enable all other items to enter. This is a fundamental and important change in our policy regarding goods entering Gaza.

We are already seeing a significant increase in the scope of civilian goods entering Gaza, and this trend will continue.

I have learned of Iran and Hezbollah's plans to dispatch additional flotillas to Gaza.

If anyone had any doubts before, it is now clear that there is no reason or justification in organizing these flotillas.

Whoever wishes to bring genuine civilian goods to Gaza – food, toys and medicine – will be able to do so via the Port of Ashdod. Therefore, the claims that were made in the past are no longer relevant. These flotillas are not organized by peace supporters but by those who oppose peace – Iran and Hezbollah.

Their real goal is to instigate a provocation against Israel in order to disrupt the security blockade, not the civilian blockade, but the blockade against importing missiles, rockets and other weapons.

I just heard of a new method they have. They intend to make cynical use of women in order to cover up their hostile activities.

My friends,

I want to show you the extent of the absurdity.

The darkest forces in the world – Iran, Hezbollah and Hamas, who want to return the world to the Middle Ages, who prevent their women from dressing, working and expressing themselves freely, where their women live in slavery and oppression, frequently without their basic rights, often subject to violence; they dare to organize a boat of women as propaganda against Israel?!

The time has come to put a stop to this hypocrisy and work towards genuine women's rights and human rights in our region.

I call upon all peace and human rights activists in the enlightened world:

Go to the places where they oppress women;

Go to the places where they hang homosexuals in town squares and deny the rights of minorities;

Go to the places where there is no freedom of expression, no freedom of the press, no independent courts, no human rights organizations and no human rights. Go to Teheran. Go to Gaza.

Anyone for whom human rights are truly important needs to support the democratic and liberal Israel against these dark forces.

This is the change that will help us advance peace together and to push aside the forces opposed to it. If someone is really concerned with human rights, they should concern themselves with Gilad Shalit's most basic rights. He has been in captivity for four years, in darkness, with no visit from the Red Cross, with his family's terrible suffering, that of his parents and of his grandfather with whom I had a heart-wrenching conversation yesterday.

The international community needs to stand beside Israel in firmly demanding Gilad Shalit's immediate release.

Welcome to Jerusalem, Mr. Chancellor. I am looking forward to our discussion.

Thank you very much.

Chancellor Faymann:

Honorable Prime Minister,

Ladies and Gentlemen,

Thank you for your warm hospitality and for providing us with the possibility to conduct such interesting discussions regarding Israel. I enjoyed hearing your insights regarding the situation in this important region, which is the focus of attention around the world, and hearing about the genuine progress we expect in the Middle East.

I appreciate the close relations between our countries and the strong ties we have had for decades, both economic and cultural. The economic situation around the world has certainly contributed to the reduction of the scope of the ties between us. We hope there will be new growth and new directions, and that we can work together on new technologies.

I represent the European Union’s opinion that we should cooperate wherever possible. We Austrians aspire to see the peace process move forward and would like to support moving the peace process forward in the Middle East – without violence and weapons – a process supported by the steps you have taken so far. When you ease the blockade, you will allow for the entry of food products, while of course continuing to prevent the entry of weapons to the Gaza Strip.

Cooperation between countries is important to us, and it is in the interest of the European Union to improve the living conditions of the Gazan population. This can only be done by removing the blockade on Gaza, ensuring that the provisions needed to improve the lives of people in Gaza are allowed in. We must also ensure that they receive their basic human rights and live free lives. However, the security measures that Israel must take are legitimate. Therefore, this border is important and we must take into account that you must guarantee your security.

If we are talking about human rights, cooperation and coexistence – these are issues Austria has always supported, as has the European Union. We must stand behind the values we represent. Supporting the values of cooperation by all parties, of coexistence between Israelis and the neighboring countries, will lead to regional development and progress – not just in terms of economic ties, but also in terms of sustainable coexistence between Israel and its neighbors.

Austria has always been at Israel’s disposal and has been willing to support Israel in order to continue the good relations between our countries. My predecessors also always tried to strengthen these relations.

I appreciate the discussions we had leading up to this meeting. I know you support the solution of two countries for two peoples, and that is the goal we aspire to. I know that the Quartet also believes that this is the path that must be taken. We are hopeful. Wherever we can support you and contribute to this end, we will do our utmost.

Thank you again for the warm welcome and for the interesting experiences my delegation and I had. I hope we can speak further about these issues in our discussion.

Thank you.