Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechstan020510



I remember speaking with Stanley for the first time, and I offered him this strange idea. He said to me: “You’re taking a big risk”. I answered: “I don’t think I’m taking any risk because we have to hire the best man for the job, not only the best in our country, but the best among our people – and I think you are the most suitable.”

To my surprise, he said to me: “I’ll think about it”. Well, he thought about it and we talked about it. He consulted people. Eventually he agreed, and I believe that it has become very clear that there was no risk involved – this was a decision that brought this experienced and deserving man here to do the job of stabilizing our economy as the head of one of its most important tools, the central bank. However, he told me that he had one condition: to pass the Bank of Israel Law. Thank G-d, we upheld that condition. Now we have more work to do. The President of Israel explained very clearly what it is.

We are blessed with the leading per capita knowledge-based economy in the world. This is the source of the world’s wealth in the 21st century – the ability to produce knowledge-based products. It provides us with the highest added value. However, without a dynamic and open economy, these products won’t help us. One can bring very educated people here, and they will become extremely frustrated because they simply won’t know what do to with this knowledge.

We must take a number of additional steps to create centers of knowledge, and improve the ability to create knowledge, inventions and initiatives by upgrading the education system and our higher education. We will focus our attention on this subject a great deal in the coming year. It is a critical foundation, but it is not the only one. We must also pursue peace and perhaps even achieve peace – which is an important foundation, although there are many countries that live in peace with each other and are still impoverished.

There is one other thing we must do and that is to continue developing the Israeli economy so that it is competitive, and there are three things we must do to this end.

The first thing is to ensure that those who can work, work. There is a certain population in the State of Israel that is very blessed, very talented and very underemployed. We have entire groups that must begin to participate in the labor market. We also need to help the chronically unemployed enter the labor market and become productive. This is important not only to the economy, but also to their self-image and how their children perceive them.

The first step we will take in the coming months is to approve a national plan to encourage the participation of the unemployed in the labor market. This is a crucial step, and if we want to eradicate poverty, poverty is intimately connected to employment. This does not mean that this is the only solution, but it is a necessary solution, without which one cannot escape from poverty or earn a decent living. Employment brings other things – for instance, our per capita GNP which is approaching $30,000 could significantly increase all at once. This is the first step – encouraging participation in the labor market.

The second step is to reduce and simplify bureaucracy. This is the source of a great many of the ills in our economy, and it also invites corruption. The solution is not more bureaucracy, but rather simplifying bureaucracy, increasing transparency and, as much as possible, also standardizing it. We must also ensure that we are not dependent on clerks or the whims of politicians – that much is obvious. For example, we took such steps in the laws regarding foreign currency, and all at once, an entire corrupt and law-breaking industry disappeared.

The third thing we need to do is to deal with the centralization that exists in our economy. There are limits on monopolies in certain branches of the economy, but over the past few years, we have witnessed latitudinal centralization. This creates a situation in which competition is inhibited across an entire industry because there is cross-ownership.

The solution must be such that it does not damage our economy, which is part of the global economy. This is a difficult challenge, but it is as important as finding a job or simplifying bureaucracy. Therefore, limiting such centralization is our third task, and I believe that if we accomplish these three things in our economy, if we improve the education system and our higher education, if we – G-d willing – achieve genuine peace with those of our neighbors who desire peace, I believe the future of the State of Israel will be a good future – for our children, for our grandchildren and even for ourselves.

Thank you.