Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart040710

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

"Tomorrow, I will leave for the US, for meetings with President Obama and other administration officials. I will also meet, in New York, with Jewish leaders and public opinion-setters. The main goal of the talks with President Obama will be to advance direct talks in the peace process between us and the Palestinians. We will also deal with security issues that are important to both Israel and the US, including the Iranian issue.

On the issue of direct talks, there is no substitute for entering into such negotiations. There is no substitute. One cannot raise ideas in either the media or by other means, and avoid that direct contact, that is the only possible way to bring about a solution to the conflict between us and the Palestinians. We are ten minutes apart. Ramallah almost touches Jerusalem. I have been ready to meet with Abu Mazen since this Government's first day in office. Whoever desires peace will hold direct peace talks. I hope that this will be one of the results of my trip to Washington.

Today, the Government will decide on instructing the Central District [Planning and Building] Committee to change the plan to build hundreds of vacation units on the Palmachim Beach and thus restore the coastal strip to the public. This decision will implement the State Comptroller's 2009 report, which called for reconsideration of the plan to build a holiday village by the seashore. The country's beaches are a unique resource. It must be assured that they will continue to be open to the public at large.

Today, we will decide to reinforce the Fire and Rescue Service in Israel. We are due to add NIS 100 million to it. It suffers from major, nationwide, shortages of equipment and personnel. The Fire and Rescue Service is part of the defense of the home front and we must bolster it and build it up. We will establish a national fire and rescue service authority. I think that this is very important vis-à-vis saving lives and protecting the country in the long-term."
