Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart240110



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

I met this morning with [former] Senator George Mitchell and conveyed to him the appreciation that I and the Government of Israel feel for him and for President Obama for their continuing efforts to progress the diplomatic process.

Today, I heard some interesting ideas for resuming the process. We are very much interested in doing so, and I expressed my hope that these ideas bring this about. Certainly, if the Palestinians express similar willingness, we will find ourselves in a diplomatic process, something important to both them and us, and to anyone that strives to advance peace and reconciliation in our region.

On Thursday evening I phoned the head of the Israeli rescue team in Haiti. I told him that the State of Israel thanks him and the entire team for the wonderful way in which they have saved lives as well as for shining Israel's light among the nations. I must say that when I decided to send the group on the morning when we first heard of the catastrophe I thought that they would do so, but I did not know just how much. I think that anyone who is impressed by their expertise, volunteerism, actions, professionalism and the spirit which they brought to this holy mission, knows just how much they represent the beautiful and true Israel.

Tomorrow, I will depart for Poland to mark International Holocaust Remembrance Day, and the struggle against anti-Semitism, on the 65th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz camp. I will be there with a number of Knesset Members and delegation from around the world. The struggle against anti-Semitism is more crucial than ever, because there is a substantial growth in the expression of anti-Semitism since Operation Cast Lead. This anti-Semitism is springing from a new direction – and it is attempting to negate the Jewish State and its right to self-defense. We identify three types of countries. The first type stand proudly, aggressively and clearly against anti-Semitism – USA, Canada, Germany, France and many other countries. The second type – countries which allow anti-Semitism and even lead measured anti-Semitism. Of course, an outstanding example of this is Iran, which is headed by someone who denies the Holocaust and spreads anti-Semitism in all directions. I believe that it is no coincidence that a synagogue was recently desecrated in Caracas, Venezuela. There is a group of countries that allow and lead anti-Semitism on the level of government policy. In the middle there are many other countries that do not do enough, and no less worse, in the name of freedom of speech allow intolerable expressions of anti-Semitism, without condemnation. On one hand they are defending freedom of speech – and deny themselves the freedom of expression that every government, and society, has to condemn unacceptable phenomena.

We are not confused on this issue. We condemn anti-Semitism everywhere. Today, the Government will establish a special team in order to strengthen the struggle against anti-Semitism, and to encourage our allies and descent countries that have enlisted in the struggle.

Lastly, I will leave this meeting for Gush Etzion and Ma'aleh Adumim in order to plant trees for Tu B'Shvat. We are in the week before Tu B'Shvat. I will also soon go to Ariel. Ariel is where we have now planted a university center. But we will also plant trees there. I think that this expresses the unity that exists between the people regarding the importance that these places will always remain part of Israel. I am confident, of course, that my ministerial colleagues share this view. I encourage them and all MKs to go and plant in the various parts of our country.

Thank you.