Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventlod071010



"I came here today along with my fellow ministers and the Prime Minister's Office Director-General, because the government is committed to Lod and its residents. Lod is a city in the center of the country, a few minutes from Tel Aviv, and even fewer from Ben-Gurion International Airport. We cannot stand aside and allow the city to deteriorate. Therefore, in a few days, the Cabinet will hold a special meeting to approve plans, some of which are already being carried out, but we will broaden them so as to deal specifically with Lod – its economy, housing, social welfare, sewage treatment, i.e. everything that must be done so that Lod will be a city that attracts young couples, tourists, etc.

But there is one thing that precedes and follows everything else – the condition for all this is personal security. The first obligation of a government to its citizens is security, to maintain both state security and the personal security of every citizen. I am not willing to see Lod become the Wild West. I am not even willing to discuss it. No community, and it does not matter where, whether in the center, north or south of the country, can be disturbed by crime, violence and those who break the law. I, the Public Security Minister and the Israel Police are all committed to this, to prevent such phenomena.

Therefore, we will take all necessary measures here, and not just here. We are embarking on another path. We have only one State of Israel and one standard for all its citizens, no matter who they are. All deserve equal rights regarding personal security. They must know that they can send their children to school without fear and that they can walk the streets or drive on the roads without fear that someone might harass, attack or murder them.

Our commitment to boosting personal security is expressed today, here in Lod, and will continue unabated in the weeks, months and years to come. I am certain that this combination of actions that we are taking to advance the city of Lod, and the importance that we attribute to restoring personal security, is a winning combination that will benefit the citizens of Lod and of the State of Israel as a whole."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks in response to questions regarding the peace process and the proposed changes to the citizenship law:

On the peace process:

"We honored the Government decision and took upon ourselves a commitment to the international community and the US

to start the peace talks

. The Palestinians waited over nine months and, immediately at the onset of the talks,

set a pre-condition

even though they had promised that there would be no pre-conditions. The Government's decision was carried out quickly and we honored our commitment. W very much hope that the Palestinians will stay in the peace talks and I think that it is important to try and advance an agreement that could lead to an end to the conflict between us and them, but today the questions needs to be directed to the Palestinians: Why are you abandoning the talks? Don't turn your backs on peace; stay in the talks. This is what needs to be asked today, and not of the Israeli Government."

On the citizenship law:

"First of all, I cannot comment on and deny every report. But I can say that the nature of the State of Israel is that it is the national state of the Jewish People. It is a Jewish state but it is also a democratic state. It is the national state of the Jewish People in the sense that every Jew can come here, from anywhere in the world, and make his home. The Jews have a state of their own.

But non-Jews also live here

, here in Lod, for example, and around the country, and they deserve fully equal rights in the Israeli democracy. Therefore, the State of Israel is a Jewish state. It is a democratic state, in the spirit of our

Declaration of Independence

. I was born with this understanding about the country. I have written about this. I have defended it in every position I have held over the years. This is deeply ingrained in my soul both as Prime Minister and as a citizen of this country. Therefore, what we are doing expresses the nature and character of the State of Israel. This is what we expect of others and of ourselves. The expectation is also valid for those who seek to join our country – and this is both proper and natural, I would say that anything else would be unnatural and there is a great struggle today to annul and blur Israel's identity as the national state of the Jewish People and say that it does not belong to the Jewish people in a national sense. The State of Israel is the national state of the Jewish People; it has fully equal rights for Jews and non-Jews, but it is a Jewish and democratic state. Whoever reads my books and has followed my remarks over the years knows how much this is both heartfelt and, in my view, also correct."