Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart040310



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today :

Today, the Cabinet will discuss advancing the bi-annual budget process for 2011-2012, thus continuing the successful attempt with the 2009-2010 bi-annual budget. This is a unique tool that allows Government ministries to plan, not months but years ahead.

This will allow us to continue implementing the national transportation plan, joining the Galilee and the Negev to the center of the country, the necessary changes in our educational and social systems, closing the southern border to infiltrators, the struggles against violence, alcoholism and the establishment of a municipal police network, and the various economic reforms that we want to enact. This is a tool that will facilitate long-term planning. There is considerable global interest in the development of this tool by the State of Israel. I think that it is important at the current time to adopt it for two more years. We will see if we want to adopt it on a permanent basis.

US Vice President Joe Biden will arrive in Israel next week. Joe Biden has been a friend of the State of Israel for many years. He has been a personal friend of mine for almost 30 years and I am convinced that this important visit to our region will contribute to advancing the diplomatic process and there are indications to this effect.

I welcome the developments that, I hope, will lead to the start of talks upon [former] Senator George Mitchell's visit to Israel next week. He is doing very important work, which we appreciate. We welcome the start of talks, even if they are proximity talks.

In the end, our goal is to try and reach a peace agreement with our Palestinian neighbors via direct talks, but we have always said that we do not necessarily insist on this format. If this is what is necessary to start the process – Israel is ready. I think that there is international recognition that this Government wants to start a peace process and I tell you that we also want to complete it."