Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechhaiti280110

On January 13th, tragedy struck Haiti. Approximately forty hours later, maybe even thirty-six hours later, when I requested that a delegation be sent, they were already on their way! Less than one day later, they were already in the field. The plan was to erect the field hospital within twenty hours – it took just ten. The 240 members of the delegation – officers, regular soldiers and reservists – began working in record time. The Chief of General Staff told me that the other armies were in awe, expressing their amazement at how quickly our soldiers arrived and were ready to work.

Anyone familiar with the IDF, and the ever-changing situations and impossible missions it has dealt with in the past, was not surprised. Thorough planning is a necessity in any mission. However, the greatest test of our power, both as a people and an army, is our ability to react and rescue people quickly, while simultaneously making life-and-death decisions. You have once again proven to the world your vast abilities and expertise. But you have also done so much more. You lifted the spirits of men and brought honor to the State of Israel and the IDF, especially at a time when there are so many who attack us and distort the truth. By the way, I didn’t see too many of the armies of those who attempt to vilify us in Haiti. I am proud to say that you showed the world the IDF’s true face.

For me, the IDF and its importance was again manifested in yesterday's experience. I returned yesterday from another place where there was a horrifying tragedy; not a natural disaster, but one caused by human nature- the most atrocious cruelty directed against our people and towards all people in history. In Auschwitz, no one came in the hour of need to rescue our people. But today, there exists a force, the Israel Defense Forces, which defends first and foremost our people, but as you demonstrated, not only our people. It mobilizes to help people in need all across the globe.

Yesterday, you were on the other side of the planet. Today, I salute you. Be sure that the entire world is appreciative. On behalf of the State of Israel and the entire fair, sincere and honest human race, it gives me great honor to say, thank you and well done, IDF."
