Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventchapak021210



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks, which he made earlier this evening at the forward command center for the massive fire on Mt. Carmel, near Haifa:

"I have been updated by all the officials currently dealing with the fire and its results. We must achieve two goals – saving lives and putting out the fire.

In order to meet the first goal, what we are doing, and these are my instructions, is to increase the warning time given to people to evacuate. First of all, nobody should enter the area. I say this to Israelis, the curious, the adventurous, all of my friends here from the press, do not enter the area. It is dangerous. Please leave the area.

We will also evacuate people as per need and I prefer that people not be at home or in bed for one night but enjoy the rest of their lives. We do not want more casualties. We do not want more people killed. We have suffered a very heavy blow and we do not want even one more person to be killed. This is our first mission and therefore, we might have to evacuate a wide radius. You will need to listen to instructions from the Public Security Minister and the Israel Police Inspector-General, via your local council heads. The evacuation will be carried out according to need, no more and no less.

The second thing is putting out the fire. This blaze is unique; it is a fire on an international scale. The necessary means are not currently in the field but they are on the way here. I spoke earlier this evening with the President of Cyprus, and the Prime Ministers of Greece and Spain. As a result, ten aircraft are en route to Israel: Four planes from Greece, four planes from Spain and one helicopter and one plane from Cyprus. I will soon speak with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and will request more planes from additional countries. Aircraft are coming but it will take time.

In any case, these tools cannot be used at night; therefore, it is very likely that we will need to use them tomorrow. To this end, it will be necessary to have an orderly and supervised evacuation even when the planes arrive. It is by no means certain that the fire will be extinguished immediately; it will take time. This is a national event, a major disaster, but we are dealing with it and we are in control of it. We need all Israelis to cooperate, to be calm and to listen to directions. I think that together, we will surmount this.

At 10:00 tomorrow morning, I will convene the Cabinet in Tel Aviv. We will decide – as I have already instructed Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai to coordinate evacuations, the rebuilding, etc. – on everything that local mayors will need in order to overcome this disaster and deal with people in an orderly way. I would like to speak to our citizens, to all Israelis and to our Druze brothers in particular, I know that you have taken a hard blow. Good people, men and women, have shown tremendous strength and heroism. People sacrificed themselves to save others. First of all, I would like to say to the families, who are now dealing with the personal catastrophes that have befallen them, we support you and are with you. I would like to express support for the firefighters, police, soldiers, MDA personnel and all the people who, together, are pitching in and working so that we will overcome this tragedy. We will save lives and we will put out the fire."