Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechtachbura220210

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of his press conference today on transportation reform:

"From time to time, I ask myself why Israelis cannot enjoy what the citizens of other countries enjoy. You come to developed countries like ours, even less developed countries, and you can travel quickly on the highways, and on a railway network and go from place to place in countries that are much bigger than ours.

In the State of Israel, you are stuck in traffic jams. Many times citizens find that it is as if the highway simply ended. You are behind a truck and you cannot move. There are also highways in the north and south that are less than safe and horrifying accidents take place. I ask myself why this has to go on, year after year, decade after decade. I do not think that it has to be like this.

The time has come to change this and turn the State of Israel into a 21st-century country, with a modern transportation network of fast highways and railroads. In effect, this is the plan in which we will simply join the country together. Ours is one of the smallest countries in the world. There is no reason why we should live with an outdated transportation network, when we could easily design a multi-year plan to turn the country into one of the most advanced and inter-connected in the world.

The emphasis is on a rapid transportation network throughout the country. We must be able to get on the highway at Kiryat Shmona and proceed to the south of the country without having to go through a single traffic light. We should also be able to board a train anywhere and go anywhere. This has been done in other, much smaller, countries. For some reason, this has been repeatedly delayed in the State of Israel.

Such a national transportation network has two immediate ramifications – social and economic.

First, it will narrow gaps and provide equal social opportunities because in one go, we are bringing the Negev and the Galilee closer to the center of the country, and vice-versa. This will enable people to move quickly and to live and work in various places.

The distances in the country are not great. In the end, we will reach a situation in which most Israelis will live one hour from Tel Aviv and the rest will live almost within two hours of Tel Aviv. These are small distances and this creates social integration; it closes gaps. It creates one country instead of three – the country in the greater Tel Aviv metropolitan area, with perhaps a branch in Jerusalem; a country in the Negev and a country in the Galilee. We want one country in which there is equal opportunity for everyone.

The second thing is a great economic growth engine, which we will receive by opening the north and south to development, both via the rapid highways and railways, by opening up land for development, which we have already done, and by something else that will come very soon – reforming the planning and construction laws so that Israel will no longer be stuck.

I would like to briefly show you the stages in which this vision shall develop. By 2004, we had a transportation network from Hadera to Gadera. We were in a narrow corridor with one fast highway alongside the coastal highway. The fast highway, which is more or less modern, was short with narrow shoulders.

In 2004, upon my taking up office as Finance Minister, until 2010, we outlined a transportation plan that extended the Hadera-Gadera fast highway to Yokneam and Beit Kama. Today, you can see this along Highway #6. This is what has been done up until now.

Today, we are talking about two additional stages:

In the coming decade, the transportation network will expand to Carmiel, Beit Shean, Be'er Sheva and Kabri junction and Nahariya, via Highway #6. That is, we will spread the fast highway and railway network deep into the Galilee and even south beyond Be'er Sheva. We will do this immediately. We will implement feasible plans and, at the same time, we will undertake detailed planning to enable us – in the coming decade – to spread the railway network from Kiryat Shmona to Eilat.

These are process that will be carried out. We will delay nothing in this vision. We are advancing step by step. Financial outlays are currently for the coming decade but we are, in effect, preparing the infrastructure to complete the national network in the following decade.

I tell you that it could very well be that we will decide to shorten the process so that it does not take 20 years. It could take 15 years and even less. We are currently getting underway and all of the detailed planning work will be completed within four years. At the same time, we will decide that what occurs beyond 2010 and the plan could be shortened.

In any case, in what we are presenting today, in this and the following decade, the State of Israel will have a network of fast highways and railways. I think this bodes well for all Israelis, as the periphery is drawn closer, as an economic engine is created, as all enjoy equal social opportunities and as it becomes possible for Israelis to enjoy, and not be beset by, the country's highways and transportation routes.
