Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechatsmaut141010



Several months ago, we passed a resolution to strengthen the connection of the people of Israel with the State of Israel.

We resolved to invest approximately NIS 400 million in the Heritage Plan. This plan will rehabilitate and develop 150 projects that connect us to this land – archaeological projects, cultural projects, projects related to settlement, history and Zionism. I must say that the first place designated for improvement was this place, Independence Hall.

Many of our young people do not know that Independence Hall – the auditorium in which David Ben-Gurion declared the establishment of the State of Israel – is here, at 16 Rothschild Boulevard in Tel Aviv.

They know the name of the restaurants and clubs across the street. They come to spend time on Rothschild Boulevard, and I am pleased they come here to hang out and have fun. It is important and it is good.

However, we also want them to know their history, their heritage, the events that shaped us as a people and as a nation.

Our existence here in our country depends not only on security or the economy or our innovation and entrepreneurship. All these are very important things. Our existence here is, first and foremost, dependent on the history which we, as a people, bequeath to our children and grandchildren, the history bequeathed from parent to child, generation to generation.

This history includes our national symbols and the physical manifestations of our heritage and culture. It is dependent on our ability to explain the facts of our history, the justness of our path, in order to demonstrate our affinity for Israel.

We are not here by accident.

Unfortunately, despite its historic and national importance, Independence Hall is neglected. I just spoke with the Mayor and the management of the site, and we are going to change that starting today. The change begins today. We want to see the children and citizens of Israel visit here, event those right outside the door, in this vibrant city, the first Jewish city of the modern age. We want children from across the country to come, as well as people visiting from abroad. I came here to launch this plan.

In this auditorium, right behind me, David Ben-Gurion announced the establishment of the Jewish state in the Land of Israel to be known as the State of Israel.

Today we heard the invective and abuse at the Lebanese border. The best answer to the abusers and our enemies was given in this auditorium 62 years ago when the State was declared, and through all we have done, built, created and accomplished in the 62 years since.

Look at what a people, what a country, what an army the people of Israel and Zionism have today. We will continue to build, we will continue to shape our country, and we will know very well how to defend it.