Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechgandimelia121010



Mr. Speaker,

Dear Zeevi Family,

Members of Knesset,

Nine years have passed since the life of a minister, fighter and dreamer ended in the blink of an eye.

Nine years during which the absence of one of the greatest lovers of this country has been pronounced and painful.

You had many admirers and fans, Gandhi. Your resolute opinions, which you expressed in eloquent and clear language, could not leave others indifferent or inattentive. Both your greatest admirers and your most severe critics would agree on one basic fact:

No one can dispute your tremendous love for the Land of Israel. No one can dispute your dedication – as a fighter, a citizen and a public figure – to defending this country and protecting its borders.

Indeed, it was that same intense and unconditional love that led to a sense of profound purpose. His mission lasted for 57 years, starting in the ranks of the Hagana, through service in the Israel Defense Forces and later in the public arena – and ended in the horrifying murder.

Gandhi said the following about his homeland: “A homeland is not a random place where some individual was born, but rather an area in which a people became a society with its own culture comprised of material components, values and constitutional rules.

Gandhi was a great patriot, an expert and an authority regarding the history of the Land of Israel. He was a cultured and educated man, an original thinker and creative in his actions. It is said that there are few who knew every path and trail as well as he did, not only from a geographical standpoint, but also from an historic one.

The most important and central point in this regard is that Gandhi’s love for the Land of Israel was not political, but rather something that originated in education and a profound knowledge of Jewish history.

Gandhi did not invent the connection of the people of Israel to their homeland – from the days of our forefather, Abraham, through Moses, Joshua and the Judges, the Kings of Israel and the Maccabees – because of his political beliefs. He also did not invent the period of the Mishna and the Talmud. He did not invent the longings and prayers of generations: “Next year in Jerusalem”.

He did not invent the countless poets, visitors and tourists who came here at the beginning of the 19th century and described a desolate and forsaken land and wondered when the Jews would return. He did not invent the return to Zion when they did come.

He did not invent the building up of the Jewish community here. He did not invent the history of Zionism, the proto-Zionism and Zionism of the past 150 years. He did not invent any of this, but he was very familiar with this history and he recorded it. He gathered knowledge. I visited his wonderful library; he collected and recorded and researched and was engaged in doing so. For him, it was a living thing, and it is for us as well.

Even today, we cannot make any mistake. We cannot turn the proven and unique affinity the people of Israel have for the Land of Israel into a matter subject to various world views.

The past cannot be changed in order to change the future according to political viewpoints. Any political solution built on a lie, or the suppression or hiding of facts is doomed to crash on the rocks of reality. The truth is important. I think it is not coincidental that the State of Israel’s enemies are using every possible method to blur or distort or hide our unique bond with the Land of Israel, a bond no one knew better than Gandhi.

In this house, there are quite a few parties and differing opinions. However, what should unite us all is the recognition of the importance of the historic and profound bond between the people of Israel and its land, a bond that is unique among the nations of the world.

We have no other country, and there can be no other homeland for us. One must not “fix” or change the past. It must be recognized. We must be proud of it. It must be taken into account, and it must be built upon.

Dear Zeevi Family,

Even the passing of years does not dull your pain, not even for a moment.

The loss of Gandhi the husband, the father and the grandfather can never be remedied and he can never be replaced. However, that component of his life – his love of the Land of Israel – can also never be replaced. We will not forget it for even one moment. His image is engraved on our hearts, his path is remembered by all of us, his legacy lives and breathes.

May his memory be blessed.