Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart210210



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today :

"Good morning mayors, council heads and ministers.

Our existence here in our country depends not only on the strength of the IDF and our economic and technological might. It is anchored, first and foremost, in our national and emotional legacy, which we instill in our youth and in the coming generations. It depends on cultural heroes and national symbols. It depends on our ability to recognize and explain the justice of our cause, and to underscore our links to the Land, first and foremost, to ourselves as well as to others. Therefore, I am honored to open today's Cabinet meeting at

Tel Hai

, during the week in which we commemorate the 90th anniversary of the heroic battle in which

Joseph Trumpeldor

and his seven comrades fell, here at this site.

Today, we are due to approve a comprehensive plan, the largest ever, to strengthen the national heritage infrastructures of the State of Israel. We will do four things:

We will rehabilitate archaeological and Zionist heritage sites. We will build and enrich archives and museums. We are talking about approximately 150 sites.

We are due to invest almost NIS 400 million, with the assistance of 16 Government ministries. We will create two trails: An historical trail of archaeological sites from the Biblical, Second Temple and other eras in the history of the Land of Israel and a trail of the Israeli experience that joins the main sites which relate the history of a People's return to its Land.

We are at Tel Hai. Many of you are from Tel Aviv. Many young people are in Tel Aviv. They are familiar with Rothschild Boulevard and enjoy street presentations, festivals and nights out on the town. They enjoy pubs, cafes and the many contemporary cultural treasures to be found there, and this is good. It is good that the city is open to the world and good that the city is alive and moving forward. But at

16 Rothschild Boulevard

, there is a small auditorium in which the State of Israel was declared. There,

David Ben-Gurion

, Israel's first Prime Minister, declared the State of Israel.

The hall is run-down. I am not saying that it is about to fall over but as far as the many young people and others, who flock to the street, to Rothschild Boulevard, are concerned, they do not know it. They do not visit it at all. And therefore, we will rehabilitate Independence Hall. From there to Tel Hai, north and south, we will enrich the State of Israel and its heritage so that Israeli families will be able to follow the historical trail and the Israeli experience trail, and become familiar with and strengthen their ties with this Land.

I think that this has been long overdue. We started during my first term as Prime Minister, with the rehabilitation of 50 heritage sites, including this site. The rehabilitation that you see here came about as the result of that decision. But we will expand this to 150 sites. These sites include the Hebrew song archives and old films that relate the history of the early Zionist communities here, as well as writings, paintings and many other things that we want to save.

I think that this project is of the highest national value and, for at least some of the sites that have to do with global cultural assets, of the highest international value.

People must be familiar with their homeland and its cultural and historical vistas. This is what we will instill in this and coming generations, to the glory – if I may say – of the Jewish People.

Today, we will also make a separate decision on a new building for the

National Library

. This is the largest and most important reservoir of Hebrew literature and manuscripts in the world. We know that there too, pages are turning into dust. A new place and new means are necessary in order to both preserve and enable access to these treasures. We will use digitization and other 21st-century means to save our cultural assets.

We will also make this decision. To this end, Yad Hanadiv (the Rothschild Foundation) has made a very generous donation. I am very grateful to them and I thank them on our behalf.

I would like to thank all those ministers who are aiding this important project, i.e. all ministers. I would also like to thank Cabinet Secretary Tzvi Hauser for advancing these two plans. Let us begin our work.

I would like to add three short comments.

1) The list of sites submitted here is neither closed nor final. It can and will certainly include other sites. I also intend to include

Rachel's Tomb

, to the rehabilitation of which the Jewish Agency has allocated NIS 20 million, and the

Tomb of the Patriarchs

. Since I was asked, I would like to make my intentions clear, and this is what will be.

2) The donations that we are talking about here are earmarks. The list submitted here is the Government's earmarked budget, even though we hope to receive the assistance of many other elements.

3) We will meet again this week in order to approve the national transportation plan that will join the Galilee and the other parts of the State of Israel in an accessible national transportation grid, and which will – inter alia – bring people to this wonderful place. I think that it will greatly contribute to bringing the periphery closer to the center and vice-versa, itself a great economic contribution.

Lastly, I would like to add a personal note. Since my childhood, I have been drawn to this place, this region, because my father came here in 1920. I think it took him several days to go from the Tel Aviv-Jaffa area to Rosh Pina. After a year, they went to Safed and in 1920 they came here. In 1923, my father was injured. He was 13 and he broke his hand. He was taken to hospital in Safed and there treated by the same doctor who treated Joseph Trumpeldor here. Since my youth, I have heard these stories.

What is necessary, I think, is to tell this story, this Israeli and Zionist heroism, and the stories that both enliven history and give a true picture of what happened here and represent our deep links to this Land, which have endured for thousands of years and have continued, during the last 150 years, into the modern era. We must instill this story in our children so that they will instill it in their children. This is the tie that binds. Today, we will significantly strengthen it."

[Click

here

for a link to a (Hebrew) PDF file on the Plan to Rehabilitate and Strengthen Israel's National Heritage Infrastructures.]