Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechbible071210

My friend, Minister of Education Gideon Sa'ar, you deserve every praise for bringing back the Jewish Heritage to Israel's students. My friend, our friend, Chairman of the Board of Judges, Israel's 5th President, Yitzhak Navon, Knesset members Alex Miller and Zvulun Orlev, Members of the Judges Team, policemen, firefighters and soldiers who came from fighting the fire in the Carmel, you put out the fire with the spirit of the Bible and the spirit of our people, you came to rescue, and regrettably, some of the rescuers were killed, including a 16-year old boy, Elad Riven, a remarkable kid, an excellent student who studied math and the Bible. Elad was a "fire scout" and wanted to be a pilot. Soon we will establish a fire-extinguishing squadron and it will be named the "Elad Squadron". We convey our sympathies to the families, and as always, move on the path of life. I wish to congratulate the contestants and their families. I am personally familiar with the tension. My friends, The identity card of the State of Israel is the Declaration of Independence. It opens with the words "the Land of Israel was the birthplace of the Jewish people. Here their spiritual, religious and political identity was shaped. Here they first attained to statehood, created cultural values of national and universal significance and gave to the world the eternal Book of Books". The three components of our identity embodied in one single sentence: the Land of Israel, the Jewish people and the Book of Books. Once the State of Israel was established it took upon itself the mission to preserve all three of these identity components and nurture the unbreakable bond between them. I was a young boy when the first Bible Quiz took place, on Israel's 10th anniversary. There was no television then, the Quiz was broadcast live on the radio and the streets of Jerusalem were completely empty of people and movement. Everyone sat at home glued to the radio, anxiously following the close head-to-head competition between our wisest, most knowledgeable citizens, all equally worthy of the title "the Bible Quiz Laureate". The evening newspapers printed a second, special edition that contained exciting reports about the outcome of the early quiz that was held in the morning. The entire country embraced the winner, Amos Hacham, the journalists competed over the privilege of interviewing him, and Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion summoned him and said: "Amos, you brought honor to Israel". I remember as a boy the tension in the air when bible quizzes were held, and I also remember the sense of pride we all felt for being the nation of the Bible. Religious and secular alike, there was no difference. We studied verses, stories, everything that was in this book, the remarkable combination of fiction, prophecy and the poetry in-between, the most remarkable combination ever written. We learned, we knew, we memorized. In recent years I find myself from time to time missing those days, that tension, that sense of pride. Today, in this hall, I feel it again. Gideon, Shimshon, the Education Ministry staff, everyone who is involved in this mission, you deserve every praise for bringing back the spirit, the special spirit, bringing our soul back to the center of the lives of our youth and adults. I see on this podium 14 finalists, and I don’t know whether to define them as the "tip of the iceberg" or the "forefront", but this is what they are, because 2,081 contesters from 160 communities across the country signed up for the preliminary quizzes – religious and secular, Jews and non-Jews, women, men between the ages of 18 to 91, young and old. This evening you make us proud, proud that we have such scholars, such people of knowledge and wisdom, such Bible lovers. The Bible is the source, the source of our strength, the source of our justice and also the source of our moral. We all know Rabbi Akiva's famous saying that summarized the entire moral doctrine of the Bible in one sentence: "you should love your neighbor as yourself". My friends, we must not forget that there is another verse that says: "you shall love the proselyte as yourself", "one decree shall be for you, for the proselyte and the native of the Land". There are non-Jews among the citizens of this country. How would we feel if someone said not to sell apartments to Jews? We would have been outraged, and indeed we are outraged when we hear such things in neighboring countries or anywhere else. Such statements should not be made, neither about Jews nor about Arabs. They must not be made in any democratic country, let alone a Jewish-democratic country that respects the moral values of the Jewish heritage and the Bible. Therefore, the State of Israel categorically rejects these things. Proverbs says: "Praiseworthy is a person who has found wisdom". Two verses later it continues: "its ways are ways of pleasantness and all its pathways are peace". I wish all the contestants and the entire State of Israel that we continue to find wisdom, continue to study the Bible, continue to walk the paths of pleasantness and peace. Good luck to all of you.
