Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart110410

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

"On behalf of the Israeli Government and people, I would like to express our participation in the Polish people's profound grief over the tragic deaths of President Lech Kaczynski, his wife and the other members of the Polish delegation who perished in the plane crash.

I knew president Kaczynski as a leader who did much for his country and as a great friend of the State of Israel. We last met in Warsaw this past January in the framework of the events marking the 65th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz and International Holocaust Day.

President Kaczynski led a process of opening a new page in relations between the polish and Jewish peoples, in the framework of Israel-Polish relations. In this context, he advanced the opening of a Holocaust museum in Warsaw, which will be established soon. His untimely passing constitutes a great loss for the Polish people and all peace- and freedom-loving nations.

Holocaust Martyrs and Heroes Remembrance Day begins this evening. Today, the Cabinet will decide to allocate NIS 50 million in subsidies for medicines for Holocaust survivors. Approximately 80,000 survivors of the camps and ghettoes will receive discounts of up to 90% on medicines. The Cabinet will also approve significant discounts in electricity payments for Holocaust survivors and disabled World War II veterans who are recognized as needy by local authorities.

These decisions join others that have been made in recent years and are designed to assist survivors. The fact that we are making these two decisions today, at the beginning of the Government's second year in office, attests to our abiding commitment, as well as that of the entire country, to the survivors.

I would like to thank Social Welfare and Social Services Minister Yitzhak Herzog, National Infrastructures Minister Uzi Landau, Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, Deputy Health Minister Yaakov Litzman and Deputy Minister Leah Nass for their work in formulating these important arrangements."
