Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmit290910



PM Netanyahu:

George, it’s good to see you again.

Sen. Mitchell:

Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister.

PM:

This time in Caesarea in our continuing quest to achieve peace. We’ve been in touch with you, with Secretary of State Clinton, with other members of the Obama Administration in the hope to achieve peace. That’s our goal.

There are many skeptics, many doubts and there are many obstacles on the road to peace. There is one way to prove them right – that’s not to try. We’re committed, and I’m committed, to try to get to a peace agreement that will secure Israel’s security and other vital national interests. That’s my goal, and that’s our policy and we will continue to pursue it and I very much look forward to continuing it with Abu Mazen because we have an historic mission to continue those good talks to arrive at an historic peace.

That’s our effort, that’s our policy and that’s our goal.

Mitchell:

Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton have asked me to come here today to convey to you, Mr. Prime Minister, to the people of Israel, to the Palestinian leadership, who I will meet with tomorrow in Ramallah, and to the Palestinian people – to all of the people of the region – that President Obama and Secretary Clinton remain totally committed to comprehensive peace in the Middle East, that is: to an agreement between Israel and Palestinians, an end to this conflict once and for all time – between Israel and Syria, between Israel and Lebanon and to full normalization of relations between Israel and all of its neighbors in the region.

We knew at the outset that the task would be difficult. We acknowledge that publicly and privately. We knew this would be a road with many bumps, and there have been many bumps, and that continues to this day. But we are not deterred. In fact, it is the contrary: we are determined, more than ever, to proceed to realize the common objective which we all share of a Middle East that is at peace, with security and prosperity for the people of Israel, the Palestinians and for all the people in the region.

And we will continue our efforts in that regard, undeterred and undaunted by the difficulties, the perplexities or the bumps in the road. Good faith, a serious effort, meaningful negotiation is what is required, and we’re going to do the best we can to see that they occur and produce the peace that I believe the people of this region long for.

Thank you.

PM:

Thank you.