Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechlatrun250510



When we entered, I saw several of you stand up in your uniforms, with rows and rows of medals on your chests. I am always amazed by this, because on several occasions I have asked you: What is this medal for? What about that medal? For which battle did you receive this one? And you would tell me names of places: Moscow, Stalingrad, Kozuk, etc., etc., etc.

I hear the names of those cities; I know the history of those battles; and I know they were some of the most difficult and cruel battles in the history of mankind. Millions fell on the battlefields. Hundreds of thousands of our people died in the cold, in the snow, from the siege. There were places where soldiers were forced to fight with pickaxes.

We are familiar with this legacy. The Minister of Defense certainly remembers that when we were soldiers and young commanders in the Israel Defense Forces, we read the book, “Panpilov’s Men”. We are very familiar with the legacy of heroism and sacrifice, but not everyone knows that the victory over Nazi Germany was achieved through a two-pronged approach.

In Britain, the United States and the rest of the world – including me – people admire the West for their heroic battles, their resilience and the massive assistance provided by the United States. However, this victory would not have been achieved were it not for the battles on the Eastern Front that helped push back and repel the enemy. This decisive contribution by the Red Army and the people of the former Soviet Union countries helped bring about victory.

Over the past several years, there has been a growing tendency to belittle, reduce or even ignore this decisive contribution. We do not. I just told the Minister of Defense that Israel is one of the very few places in the world where the opposite is true. Since the widespread immigration from the former Soviet Union over the past 20 years, the public in Israel has gradually learned to recognize and appreciate your tremendous contribution to the future of humankind and to the future of the Jewish people.

May 8th is becoming our national holiday. When you march in your Veteran’s Day parades, at first we did not understand what they were about. Today, young people in Israel understand and they tip their hats to you – even if they don’t wear hats. In Israel, it has become universally understood.

That is why during my last visit to Moscow, I announced to President Medvedev and Prime Minister Putin that the State of Israel would erect a national memorial in order to express our gratitude to the soldiers and fallen of the Red Army for their decisive contribution to the victory over Nazi Germany.

However, the most important memorial is the one in our hearts, in the hearts of our young people and our children. That is why we are introducing your story, your contribution and your sacrifice into our study plans and textbooks.

Without you, the State of Israel would not have been established. You saved humanity; you saved the Jewish people; and you allowed for the establishment of the State of Israel. The Israel Defense Forces derives a great deal from your courageous legacy.

Yona Degen is here tonight.

Yona ran away from school and volunteered for the Red Army at the age of 16. He was promoted to a command position within three months. He destroyed 16 Vermacht tanks. He was severely wounded, but he survived. After the war, he returned to school and studied orthopedics because he wanted to help others. He became a doctor and a professor. But what he primarily learned was that he was Jewish. He discovered his Judaism and immigrated to Israel. His family is here, his grandchildren are here, and his grandson is continuing his heroic legacy as a soldier in a combat unit of the Navy in the IDF.

We are continuing that legacy together with you. On behalf of the Jewish people and the State of Israel, I tell Yona Degen and all of you – to the thousands who are here, to the hundreds of thousands who fought – thank you from the bottom of our hearts. We salute you.

Thank you.