Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart281110



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"For years, people have spoken about stopping the wave of illegal infiltrators who are entering the country. There has been talk for years but now we are not talking. Today, the cabinet will discuss one of the components of the plan for stopping the wave of illegal infiltrators into the country. This growing wave threatens Israelis' jobs, is changing the character of the country and we must stop it. We do not intend to arrest refugees from war. We allow them to enter and will continue to do so. But we must stop the mass entry of illegal infiltrators who are looking for work due to the very harsh repercussions that this wave will have on the character and future of the State of Israel.

This Government, unlike its predecessors, acts. The first thing that we have started to do is to erect a fence and a ground barrier along our south-western border.

This is happening right now

. At the same time, we will impose very heavy fines on those who employ illegal workers. We must provide a humanitarian response for those employees who will be out of work.

We must give them food, lodgings and medical services until they leave the country; therefore, we will decided today on

housing facilities

similar to those in the Netherlands, Italy, Spain and other countries. The fourth thing is action in the international sphere, to repatriate the infiltrators to their countries of origin and to intermediate countries from which they will make their way to their countries of origin. This is an integrated national plan that is designed to finally change direction; after years of talk, we are finally taking action to change the direction of mass entry into the State of Israel.

Today, we are marking

International Women's Day

. We will mark the day by discussing the issue of violence against women. Last year, in Israel, 16 women were murdered by their partners. This is intolerable, as is violence that does not result in murder. Today, we will do two things: One, I have asked the

Authority for the Advancement of the Status of Women

to formulate a national plan on the struggle against violence against women, and this is being done in coordination with Minister Limor Livnat, Minister Yitzhak Herzog and Deputy Minister Gila Gamliel.

At the same time, we will invest NIS 7.1 million in renovating shelters and giving grants to victims of violence in order to assist them in integrating into the labor market. I believe that these are necessary and underscore our commitment to rid society of this blight, and to fight it every way possible.

Today, we will also submit to the Cabinet a plan on reducing the emission of greenhouse gases. This plan is necessary given the process of global warming. We see, for example, that we are facing the driest winter in decades. We do not know when it will end but it has very severe environmental implications regarding – inter alia – water use and air pollution. All of these phenomena require us to join in the national and international effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

This plan has been worked on by Environmental Protection Minister Gilad Erdan, Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, Industry, Trade and Labor Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer and their people, along with National Economic Council Chairman, Eugene Kandel, and Prime Minister's Office Director-General, Eyal Gabai. It is a NIS 2.2 billion, ten-year plan that will already invest NIS 500 million over the next two years.

We intend to deal with a variety of issues, starting with reducing home consumption, encouraging green construction, and Israeli technologies that promote greater energy efficiency while maintaining the environment. We will take another series of steps, the goal of which is place the State of Israel along with the other advanced countries in this field. I would like to thank the aforesaid ministers for working together and reaching agreement. This is a not inconsiderable achievement. Here, we see deeds, not words. We have talked for years and now we are taking action.

Lastly, today we, and the Ethiopian community, mark the

Sigd holiday

. I and several other ministers intend to be at this evening's great event.

Last week we decided to bring the remaining Falashmura to Israel

. Today, we will decide on adding 30 civil service positions for academics from the Ethiopian community. I believe that this reflects our commitment and our desire to see members of the community integrate into the national leadership, in the public sector as well as in the private sector. Naturally, we wish them a happy holiday."