Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart141110



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

"Last Friday, I returned from my visit to the US.

I appeared at the Jewish Federations of North America General Assembly

, which was held in New Orleans. Several of our ministers were there as well. I am certain that they, like me, attribute great importance to maintaining our relations with world Jewish communities and to strengthening the younger generation's links with the Land of Israel. We support several programs, the results of which are very impressive; we also maintain our ties with communities and institutions there.

During my visit, I met with US Vice President Joe Biden and

Secretary of State Hilary Clinton

. I also spoke and met with various leaders of the Senate and the House of Representatives. I met with senior US economic and media figures, including the top analysts and commentators in the US. In all of these meetings, I raised – first and foremost – the need to stop

the Iranian nuclear project

. This is the greatest threat to both world peace and the security of the State of Israel.

At this morning's meeting, I intend to update my fellow ministers on the general outline of the American proposal for the resumption of the peace talks. This proposal was raised during my talks with Secy. of State Clinton. It is still not final; it is still being formulated by Israeli and the American teams. If and when it is complete, I will bring this proposal to the appropriate Government forum, which in this case is the Cabinet. In any case, I insist that any proposal meet the State of Israel's security needs, both in the immediate term and vis-à-vis the threats that we will face in the coming decade.

Today, the Cabinet will discuss bringing the Falashmura, of the seed of Israel, who remain in Ethiopia, to the State of Israel. These are approximately 8,000 men, women and children who live under very difficult humanitarian conditions. The Government of Israel seeks to resolve this problem because there is indeed a complex humanitarian crisis there and so as to avoid the creation of additional refugee camps in Ethiopia. In the first months, according to the proposal that has been submitted, 700 eligible Falashmura will come to Israel and in the next three years, the remainder of those eligible will be brought to Israel at the rate of 200 a month. I must say that from my perspective, this closes a cycle because during my first term as Prime Minister, I brought approximately 5,000 Falashmura to Israel and today we are discussing an agreed-upon arrangement with all of the relevant bodies, and there are many, so that we might finally resolve this painful and complicated problem. We have a moral commitment as Jews, as the People of Israel, to find a solution. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all those involved, especially former Supreme Court President Meir Shamgar and Jewish Agency Chairman Natan Sharansky for their work towards this agreed-upon solution, which is responsible and practical.