Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventvol071210



Mr. President, I saw you in the midst of the fire as you raised our spirits. I’m told the nation and the nations of our solidarity and unity in fighting this great battle. I would like to speak you in English but begin with a few words from the Bible in Hebrew because I have never found a sufficient translation. I’ll try to translate the few sentences that I say at the end with one sentence.

[TRANSLATION]

The Psalmist says (83:15):

“As the fire that burns the forest, and as the flame that sets the mountains ablaze.”

This is a strong and poetic expression that gives one pause. This past week, to our sorrow, we saw it in all its strength, not in a poem and not in this verse, but in reality, on Mt. Carmel, where the prophet Elijah brought down fire from Heaven.

There are times when modern and technological man feels how small he is against the forces of nature but it is precisely these times in which certain, select people transcend the ordinary and show the greatness of humanity.

Such brave people from all over the world came to help Israel in this hour of need and joined our brave firefighters and police. Among them were pilots from a dozen countries who repeatedly circled, landed and took off, through fire and water, swifter than eagles and stronger than lions – over the fire.

The People of Israel are an ancient people with long memories. We will not forget how you helped us in this fateful hour. Carry blessings and our gratitude as you return home.

[END TRANSLATION]

It says in the Bible, “They were swifter than eagles, they were bolder than lions.” And I add, in fighting the flames, in extinguishing the fire. Thank you. Thank you for what you did.

My friends, the representatives of Azerbaijan, Britain, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Egypt, France, Germany, Holland, Italy, Jordan, The Palestinian Authority, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey and the United States: on behalf of the citizens of Israel, I want to express to you our profound gratitude – to you and the governments you represent. You came, you saw, you acted, you put out the fire.

As the President told you, we were here in a ceremony, and I left and even before I got to Carmel, I started making phone calls to your leaders. The first one I called was Prime Minister George Papandreou of Greece. I think the hour was seven. I said, “Can you send us some planes? – the kind that I saw fighting a fire when I visited Greece, on the Island of Porus.” He said, “Yes, they’re on their way.” Seven hours later, they landed in Israel.

I called the President of Cyprus. I said, “Can you send us some planes?” He said, “Yes, they’re on their way.” I called Prime Minister Putin, I said, “Can you send us some planes?” He said, “Yes, they’re on their way.” I called Prime Minister Zapatero, “Can you send us some planes?” He said, “Yes, they’re on their way.” They had a little trouble getting through an air-controller strike, but they came. France, Britain, everybody else – our neighbors, if they didn’t have planes, they had firemen or stocks. Egypt, Jordan, Palestinian Authority. Turkey – they sent us planes. And so many other countries represented here – each and everyone of them. And others offered to help.

As President Peres said, for many years Israel has responded to the calls of others. We’ve sent some of our finest and bravest to the four corners of the earth, to help countries deal with devastation and natural disasters. After the recent earthquake in Haiti, Israel sent and set up the first field hospital to treat the wounded. After the Tsunami struck Indonesia and Sri Lanka, we sent 85 tons of emergency aid and trained medical personnel to feed the hungry and heal the sick. When an earthquake hit Turkey in 1999, we sent 250 people with sophisticated recue equipment and we helped save the lives of 12 people from the rubble and established a field hospital that treated 1200 civilians and delivered five babies.

Time after time, Israel has been there to help others, last week it was Israel’s turn to ask for help and each one of your governments and each one of you immediately responded to our call. You stood shoulder to shoulder with us. You flew shoulder to shoulder with us to fight the worst fire in our nation’s history.

And because of your help, many lives, hundreds of homes, and thousands of acres of forest were saved. In fact at one point, the commander of our Air Force, General Nehushtan, was telling me, be prepared to stop, we have more than we can handle, although they handled it very well.

There were over the skies of the Carmel, aircraft from over a dozen nations flying in close formation – the aircraft of many nations, speaking many languages, of many colors, cooperating as a great international fire brigade, to declare man’s victory over nature, though it appears impossible. And in helping us douse the flames, you’ve warmed the hearts of an entire nation and you have shown us that we are not alone. You’ve shown us that around the world, there are people of goodwill who will help us in hour of need. I believe that this rapid international response can be a model for future cooperation in our region.

This morning I spoke to Prime Minister Papandreou and to President Medvedev about the possibility of forming a regional body that can address crises in our region. Earlier I had spoken to President Mubarak, to King Abdullah and to President Abbas about this idea, and certainly Turkey and other countries here can unite in a systemic way because nature will not leave us alone.

Prime Minister Papandreou has been thinking about convening a meeting about this in Athens and I welcome his initiative. Through our joint efforts and expertise, we can collectively prepare and respond more effectively to any natural disaster that hits or strikes a country in our region. So we shall be speaking to many of your governments about this initiative in the days and weeks to come.

Now what we witnessed last week in the skies above Mount Camel and in the forests below should also give hope to all those who seek to advance peace. We saw that differences between nations can be put aside for the sake of our common humanity and if this spirit of cooperation and this belief in our common humanity grows stronger in the years ahead, it can help pave the road to a lasting peace that can bring benefits to all.

I thank each and every one of you for your courage, for your dedication, for your friendship. The people of Israel, an ancient people with a long memory, will never forget what you have done for us. Thank you all. Thank you very much.