Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoketacharut131010



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this evening (Wednesday), 13.10.10, decided to establish a committee – to be chaired by Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai and Finance Ministry Director-General Haim Shani – on increasing competitiveness in the economy. The committee will submit its recommendations to the Prime Minister Netanyahu, Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz and Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Stanley Fischer within four months.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said that, "I have been concerned for many years about the issue of competitiveness in the economy. The main question is we may increase competitiveness, in the right degree, and in a way that will encourage economic growth and stability, increase a more equal distribution of incomes and lead to a more equitable allocation of resources, and bring about lower levels of risk for entrepreneurs and investors."

The other members of the committee are:

Bank of Israel

Supervisor of Banks Rony Hizkiyahu;

Israel Securities Authority

Chmn. Zohar Goshen;

Finance Ministry

Budget Director Dr. Udi Nisan; Deputy Attorney-General (Economic-Fiscal) Avi Licht;

National Economic Council

Chmn. Prof. Eugene Kandel; Finance Ministry Capital Markets, Insurance and Savings Director Prof. Oded Sarig;

Israel Antitrust Authority

Director Ronit Kan; and Bank of Israel Director of research Dr. Karnit Flug.

The committee will recommend to the Government the necessary policy steps including legislative changes and operative measures, to deal with the question of the structure of holdings in the economy, so as to achieve the following goals:

1) Steps to strengthen corporate management in public companies;

2) The issue of non-financial companies controlling financial companies;

3) Application of commercial antitrust policy;

4) Limiting control of public companies via pyramid holding structures;

5) Examining the imposition of stricter conditions vis-à-vis the acquisition of Government assets, licenses and tenders by business groups.