Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechvingate270410

I am much happier to be here at Wingate than I have been on previous occasions, when I had to climb sand dunes here– that was very hard. Since then, we have worked hard to ensure the effectiveness, transparency and integrity of government mechanisms in Israel.

In this regard, the Office of the State Comptroller has reached new heights of achievement, even before Micha Lindenstrauss began his tenure. However, since his arrival, the Office’s contribution has only increased, because I think, Micha, that you brought to the job a determination and uncompromising position on maintaining the highest of standards.

In my opinion, Israel is becoming a country that defines the standards of what is appropriate in government and how a government can fix itself – and I hear people around the world saying so. It is not that we don’t have any problems, but there are mechanisms in place that work. There are two main ones – the first is represented here by your leadership, and it works and it does right wrongs.

To you, the employees of the Office of the State Comptroller, I would like to say that when you work – when you present your reports, they are not ignored. We act in accordance with your findings. Government offices receive these reports; they take them under advisement; and they act accordingly. These reports have an influence and it is significant. At the same time, I expect that these government offices will not only make the necessary adjustments, but they will also continue to initiate changes. They should accept the criticism and do what is needed to fix things, but they should continue initiating changes. They should not rest on their laurels. There must be a balance, or as they say in the army, “the appropriate combination” – the appropriate combination of transparency and daylight, which is necessary for the proper working of a government or for public activity in order to prevent corruption, alongside an unceasing effort to improve and to make things more efficient.

I believe that the main problem – perhaps one of the biggest problems we have in Israel, one that creates problems of integrity later on– is the bureaucratic tangle, which is still one of the biggest in the world.

I am referring, for example, to the registration of assets. In the international report, we are ranked among the last, at 141st place. There are practically no other countries below us. There are no more countries left. We are last in terms of time needed to receive a construction permit. Once the planning stage is complete, we are in a bad way when it comes to receiving a construction permit. We are in 120th place.

Hopefully at the end of May, we will join the OECD. The OECD organization represents approximately 30 of the developed countries. These 30 countries are advanced countries, and we are among the last ten countries – though not at the bottom – in most indices. That is not good enough, in my opinion. We should certainly be in the top ten with regard to per capita income and in other things. However, we definitely should not be in 120th or 140th place. In other words, when we look at the bureaucratic tangle that exists in Israel – and I only gave two examples, there are many more – this excess of bureaucracy is what creates an opening for corruption, because one wants to take shortcuts. It is no accident that this occurs in the field of construction and planning. One wants to make these processes shorter and when one looks at these mechanisms, one can find ways to make them shorter, as well as to improve them and even get an advantage.

If the path was much more open, simpler and more equal, if it becomes more centralized and the criteria are such that they cannot be manipulated, then corruption necessarily is reduced, efficiency is increased, productivity increases and the economy grows – and that is true in nearly every field.

This must be examined. There are two parts to this equation: the first is the process to which the government is obligated – to simplify the procedures, to simplify and remove bureaucratic hurdles as much as possible, but the process must be appropriate, transparent and equal to all. In other words, in my opinion, the audit must say: “You want fewer rules? That’s fine. Less regulation? No problem, but it must be equal for everyone”. It is like income tax – it is reduced so that everyone can pay. There is no way to avoid it.

Someone once said that bureaucracy only expands – it is doomed to expand and expand and expand. When Weber said this, it was perceived as a truth that could not be altered. But it is not true. There are enough examples of countries that succeeded in shrinking their bureaucracy or at least that ensured that it developed and grew less than the growth rate of the population. The countries that did so had tremendous earnings!

However, there is another side to this. Bureaucracy may be reduced, but one must ensure the strength of enforcement, the equality of enforcement and its transparency – above all, its transparency, which is the foundation for enforcement.

I think that your contribution to this, Micha, is tremendous. And I think you have raised Israel’s status in the world. All developed countries must deal with this tension between the two poles I discussed. I think that under your leadership, people are doing very important work in uncovering and illuminating the obstacles and flaws in our government. I think that in this manner, Israel is at a new level. It is at another level in that it uncovers flaws and corrects them. You also present suggestions for how to correct them. We take these suggestions seriously, alongside the attempt we must make to do what we can to simplify procedures and shrink bureaucracy. This is a dual mission and it encompasses two opposing poles, but we must accomplish both of them, and I believe we will.

I am inviting myself to your next conference. May I suggest an improvement? Next year in Jerusalem.
