Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart210310



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"This evening I will leave for Washington to address the

AIPAC Policy Conference

, in the presence of many Senators and Congressmen. I will also meet with the Congressional leadership. I plan to speak about our policy – on both the peace and security issues, as well as about

Iran

and

Jerusalem

Our policy toward Jerusalem is the same policy of all Israeli governments in the past 42 years and it has not changed. From our point-of-view, construction in Jerusalem is like construction in Tel Aviv. These are the things which we have made very clear to the American administration. We also made it clear that in the proximity talks with the Palestinians, while each side will be able to raise its positions on the issues in dispute, a tangible solution to the fundamental problems between us and the Palestinians will be achievable only in direct peace talks. It cannot be otherwise. Only if we sit together, discuss the issues together and reach joint solutions, will we be able to reach a genuine peace agreement.

I think that it is very important that these matters not be left subject to commentary and speculation; therefore, I initiated the letter that I sent to US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton so that these issues would be very clear. I must say that I sent the positions after consulting with my unanimous colleagues in the seven-member ministerial forum. I think that Israel's position is very clear and it will also be so during my visit to the American capital.

Today, the Cabinet will approve a multi-year plan for the economic development of

the minority communities in Israel

. I would like to thank Minister Avishay Braverman for the hard work he put into formulating this plan. In the first stage, we have chosen 12 Bedouin and Arab communities, with approximately 400,000 residents. We will invest NIS 800 million in these communities in developing employment, housing solutions and strengthening human capital, and in boosting law enforcement and personal security.

It is important to us that alongside full civil equality before the law, which exists – of course – for all Israelis, that there be equality of economic opportunity in employment, infrastructures, education and quality of life, in the non-Jewish sector. Our goal will be to expand the initial plan to many other communities. I think that this is very important in our view of the State of Israel as a regional power and as a global technological power, that all of its Jewish and non-Jewish citizens be able to enjoy the benefits of internal prosperity and progress."