Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventabg231110



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at Israel Aerospace Industries:

"I would like to thank my good friend, IAI Chairman Yair Shamir, as well as CEO Itzhak Nissan, management and workers for outstanding work. The results of IAI, which I visited today, are very impressive, both economically and from a security point-of-view.

I have visited many of the defense industries in recent months, including Rafael, and now I am visiting here. I must say that developments are very impressive. All of them may be attributed to the 'blue and white' advantage found in the excellent people who work here. Their combination of high technological ability and operational experience is unique and it gives both the State of Israel and its defense industries a competitive advantage that puts them in the top tier of these industries worldwide.

The importance of the defense industries to the security of the State of Israel is clear. Your work here is very important to the security of the state of Israel.

Ours is a technological world, a world of knowledge. One must run faster and stronger, with the best people, and this is exactly what you do here and you deserve much praise."

Prime Minister Netanyahu answered questions from journalists:

On the issue of North Korea, the Prime Minister said: "I think it is too early on my part to respond to particular events on the Korean Peninsula. But I think that the events as a whole are clear in one respect: the world is under threat from irresponsible countries that are arming themselves with advanced weapons and since these countries are very aggressive by nature, it is only a question of time until this aggression finds an outlet.

We recognize this phenomenon here in our region, in Iran's aggressive behavior and its attempts to arm itself, and its threats against us and the entire region. Its cooperation with North Korea, Syria and other countries is not a coincidence. Therefore, the challenge before the international community is in stopping this aggression and stopping it in time."

On the issue of the referendum law, the Prime Minister said: "I think that the referendum law, which the Knesset passed yesterday, is very important. First, it ensures that there won't be tension in the country. If we enter into a peace process that could bear historic fruit, the public knows that in the end it will decide, not parliamentary maneuvering, not a happenstance majority, but the people will decide and I rely on the Israeli people.

I think that we are a wise and sagacious people. Therefore, I am convinced that if I submit an agreement to the people, it will pass. In any case, whoever wants to bring about an agreement with national achievements, and with very important historic consequences for the national interests of the State of Israel, need not fear submitting these agreements to the people. I think that it is the democratic thing and the right thing; it is also the most responsible thing."

On the contacts with the US, the Prime Minister said: "We are continuing contacts with the American administration. I insist that the interests which are important to us be given concrete and detailed expression. If we receive ratification of these important principles, I will submit the issue to the Cabinet for a decision."