Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechzikaron190410



Several months after I joined the IDF General Staff reconnaissance unit, I participated in preparations for a military operation. During those operational preparations, two of my friends who joined the unit at the same time as me were severely injured: Zohar Link and David Ben-Hamo.

I accompanied them in the evacuation vehicle that took us to Tel Hashomer Hospital. I sat on a bench in the back of the vehicle and held on to David with all my strength. He died in my arms before we arrived at the hospital. Zohar died shortly after that. Those are moments I will never forget.

They both – Zohar and David – will remain 19 years old forever.

Zohar Link was a good looking and charismatic young man. For years, he was a counselor in the Shomer Hatzair youth group. He played the harmonica. He loved photography. He loved nature. Who knows how far he would have gone with his personality and talent?

David Ben-Hamo was a gifted young man, fine-featured, a tremendous athlete, curious, sensitive and very modest. He captured my heart from the moment I saw him. David grew up in Beer Sheva and completed his studies with honors at the Boyer boarding school here in Jerusalem. I believe he would have had a very bright future.

Decades after they fell, I visited the Ben-Hamo family home in Beer Sheva. David’s mother showed me his room. The room was left exactly as it was the day David fell. Not one item – not one – was moved. Decades later the room still waited for the lost son to return.

My brothers and sisters of bereaved families,

Each family has its own way of dealing with loss.

I remember seeing my mother, Tzila of blessed memory, sitting in the armchair in the living room of my parent’s house staring into space. A sudden smile flitted across her face.

I asked her: “Mother, what are you thinking about?”

She answered: “I’m thinking about Yoni, about my Yoni’leh”. And then she added: “I only have good memories…”

This day the entire nation embraces all the mothers and fathers, the brothers and sisters, the sons and daughters, the wives of the large family of bereavement.

Our loss is heavy to bear. Our comfort is to continue the paths of our loved ones and making their dreams come true. We are a peace-seeking nation and one that prays for peace. One hand is extended in peace to all our neighbors who desire peace, while the other grasps the sword of David to defend our people from those who seek to harm us.

Every time we think about the fallen, we are reminded of an ancient saying, but more so today. It was written thousands of years ago, but it feels as if it were written today:

“Your glory, O Israel, lies slain on your heights; How have the mighty fallen!”

May the memory of the fallen, of those we cherished and loved, be forever engraved in the memory of our people.