Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokedira151110



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz and Construction and Housing Minister Ariel Atias today decide on a series of actions and reforms to make it easier for young couples and discharged soldiers to buy their first apartment. The three ministers – along with Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer – held a meeting today and decided that the first stage would include three measures, the goal of which is to increase the supply of apartments in the short term.

The first step in the comprehensive reform is a 15% discount off the price of purchasing land in Israel Land Administration tenders for contractors who complete construction on at least 80% of the apartments in a project in period of time not to exceed 30 months (upon presentation of Form #4).

The second step is an 20%-45% reduction in the historic betterment tax. Between 1961-2001, betterment tax stood at the maximum rate for income tax and reached 45%. In 2001, this tax was reduced to 20%. It was decided today that this rate will also apply to land that was purchased before 2001. The discount will be given in 2011 only on condition that construction on the land be completed within 30 months.

The third step is giving local authorities the possibility of directly charging contractors for development fees in order to build public institutions and spaces. This impediment currently makes it difficult for local authorities to issue building permits and thus delays residential projects.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "In the last five years, we have witnessed a sharp increase in housing prices, which makes it difficult for the general population but mainly young couples. The first step in life together is coming more and more difficult. The problem of supply is the main problem in the housing market. The goal of the steps that we are taking today is to make things easier – in the short term – for young couples seeking to buy their first apartment."

Construction and Housing Minister Atias and Finance Minister Steinitz also commended the steps.