Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart240210



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, we will approve a national transportation plan for the State of Israel. We believe that it is important, first of all, in order to facilitate movement in our small country, to give equality of social opportunity to all Israelis, in the south, north and center, and to create a strong economic engine for the continued growth of the State of Israel. 21st-century Israel must have a transportation network that is up to the standards that we find in other countries.

Until 2004, we lived in a

Hadera

-to-

Gedera

country. From 2004-2010, we expanded the highway network with a serious of decisions that have brought Hadera and Gedera to

Yokneam

and

Beit Kama

Today, we will, in effect, submit a two-part development project. From 2010-2020, we will complete the country's network of highways so that the fast highway –

Highway 6

– reaches

Cabri

, that is, to

Nahariya

. It will have an eastern spur that is due to reach

Kiryat Shmona

. It will be able to travel without traffic lights from Kiryat Shmona to

Tel Aviv

, or from Nahariya to Tel Aviv, And from Tel Aviv south to

Be'er Sheva

, until Hanegev junction. Thus, we will have a transportation tree of fast highways. We will immediately begin the planning and implementation for 2010-2020.

Additionally, we will plan for

the railway network

. We will allocate NIS 2.5 billion for the detailed planning of a railway network from Kiryat Shmona to

Eilat

. I have read that someone said that we have given up on the railway to Eilat – not true. We will now spend considerable capital in order to plan the railway that will at least allow us to travel from Tel Aviv to Eilat in 2.5 hours, with proper planning. We will check and if it is possible, we will reduce to two hours. This will be implemented in a rolling plan, apparently over the next decade. We reserve the right to bring things forward at the end of the plan, i.e. to go back to the Cabinet in five years and plan for the following ten years.

Fifteen years from today there will be a fast railway from Eilat to Tel Aviv to Kiryat Shmona. We would like to reduce the travel time from Eilat to Tel Aviv to less than two hours, a genuine revolution.

What allocations are we making? In this plan, over the next decade, we will spend NIS 27.5 billion on highways, railways, railway electrification and detailed railway planning. This is in addition to over NIS 30 billion that is already in existing plans. That is, we will use over NIS 60 billion to improve, in a revolutionary manner, the transportation plan for the State of Israel.

We will spend NIS 3 billion on extending Highway #6 northward to Cabri-Nahariya; NIS 2.5 million on the eastern spur that will join Yokneam, from Amiad junction to the fast highway to Kiryat Shmona; NIS 1.5 billion on expanding Highway #6 southward to Hanegev junction; NIS 3.5 billion on the railway from

Carmiel

Acre

, NIS 3.5 billion on the railway from

Haifa

Beit Shean

and NIS 11 million on railway electrification. We are now planning the national railway network. We are beginning to spread deep into the Galilee and the valleys so that all parts of the State of Israel will be joined together.

I think that this is a genuine revolution. I took into account budgetary needs and thus, we will work in stages. The critical stage is getting underway towards completing the fast transportation network without traffic lights in the State of Israel, and this will be carried out in the coming years. Detailed planning for a national railway network will be implemented in the coming years, four or five maximum; an additional Government decision regarding the railway to Eilat and Kiryat Shmona, the first spreading of the railway network or its first spurs into the Galilee, even now. All of this, and the electrification project, are so that we may have a modern and successful transportation network.

I think that this is what we must do, to get out of the Hadera-to-Gedera mold. We are stuck in this bottleneck far too often. The time has come to open the bottleneck and join the State of Israel in one country. There will no longer be three countries, no longer a greater Tel Aviv metropolitan area country, which is also stuck, and others in the distant Galilee and the even more distant Negev. We will take our small country, one of the smallest in the world, and will allow Israelis to travel quickly, without bottlenecks, and in comfort."