Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechshayetet261010



Gaza has become an Iranian terror base which threatens the State of Israel. It is very close and very dangerous. This danger is not merely theoretical. We were showered with thousands of rockets and missiles from Gaza, and there is a continuous effort by Hamas, with Iranian backing, to smuggle more and more weapons in order to use them against the citizens of Israel. Therefore, the goal set by my government, and the government which preceded us, was to curb this threat through all legitimate means at our disposal, including a naval blockade and other actions we are taking, both near and far, to prevent the entry of these lethal weapons aimed at the citizens of Israel.

The operation undertaken by the Naval Commandos was crucial, necessary, legal and of great importance. It was carried out under very difficult conditions. You, the fighters, encountered a violent, terror-supporting force armed with knives, clubs, electric chainsaws, and other weapons. Faced with people trying to kill you, you conducted yourselves professionally, heroically, morally and with restraint. No other army or navy in the world could set a better example. You have my full backing, and that of the Government of Israel, the people of Israel and all decent people who look at the facts as they are.

Furthermore, during and after this incident, you confronted other vessels that did not use violence and did not intend to harm or kill, and those operations ended without casualties. After this incident there were two other vessels whose arrival at Gaza was thwarted without any casualties, because the decisive factor was the goal set by those activists of the IHH, which is a terror-supporting organization. In the last 24 hours, we had an opportunity to witness the true nature of this organization – pictures of its "peace supporters", armed with machine-guns, during their recent visit to El-Arish on their way to Gaza.

You acted to protect the State of Israel against people whose purpose was to break our defensive wall which prevents terrorist infiltrations. You acted morally and with restraint against those who came to kill you. I am pleased to see the people who endured this experience and recovered. I know that among you are fighters who were injured. I am very pleased to see all of you. I met some of you in the hospitals, and it is good to see you here. I know that you are back in action. I salute you, I salute all of you. You are operating on behalf of the State of Israel for the defense of the State of Israel. You are the best. I salute you.