Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechporush1503010

-Translation-

The Talmud recounts a story about Rabban Gamliel, who decided to appoint two of his pupils to leadership positions. He called for them to approach him, but they avoided him and did not come. Because of their humility, they did not want to accept the honor.Rabban Gamaliel was furious, and sent people to bring the students to him. He related something attributed to Moses: “Do you think that the appointment to such high offices which I am about to confer on you, will make you rulers? Nay; slavery I give to you!” If only all those elected to represent the people would remember that story and act according to its precepts. Let me tell you something: Rabbi Menachem Porush lived his life in accordance with this statement.He was a loyal servant to his public, and worked for them and was at their disposal day and night, tirelessly, without time off, without rest. I cannot ever remember the man not working, not once. Every time I met him, he was busy with public matters, both great and small. He represented the public with dignity and wisdom – divine wisdom – which was the result both of the great natural intelligence he was blessed with and his lifelong experience. Nevertheless, he dedicated all his energies and time to solving the smallest problems – a widow who needed help or an anonymous patient who needed treatment or a family in need of comfort.

When I visited you, Meir, and your family at the shivah, you told me that up until his last moments, until he was on his deathbed – he continued to work. He would say: “Did you call so-and-so?”, “Did you talk to so-and-so?”, “Did you take care of the widow?”

Menachem Porush was a public leader of the type of which Rabban Gamaliel spoke – not rulers but slavery. For 78 years, Menachem Porush was a public servant. Seventy-eight years! I doubt there is anyone else like him in the history of Israel, certainly in the modern period. I don’t know about the future, and I know of no examples – although there may be – from other countries. To be occupied with public matters for 78 years, almost 80. This is simply unbelievable.

Rabbi Porush spent almost half that time serving as a member of Knesset and Deputy Minister between the walls of this house. He was a loyal servant to his public; he was a universally well-liked and admired figure among his peers, both those who shared his views and those who did not.

But he was not only respected by those in the Knesset. His personality shone forth in the way he conducted those struggles that were important to his public – because of his honest, his pleasant tone, and – as previously mentioned – his passion, which could often be discerned when he spoke.

I met him often. Years ago, he told me: “My young friend,” – that was how he would begin. As years passed, he dropped the “young” part, although it always remained a relative truth. But he just would say “friend”. However, every time he gave me advice, it was beyond price. He was a warm Jew and a very smart one.

One more thing: he was a Jerusalemite and loved Jerusalem with every fiber of his being. The Porush family has roots in Jerusalem going back several generations. Menachem Porush was born in Jerusalem, lived in Jerusalem and to a great extent, lived for Jerusalem.

Indeed, we all remember his emotional intervention with Yitzhak Rabin in order to keep Rachel’s Tomb in Israeli hands after the Oslo Accords. No political force stood beside Rabbi Porush at that moment. What did support him was his heart, his tears, his integrity and his Jewish feeling – and they are what influenced Prime Minister Rabin to reopen the Accords and correct that forgotten detail.

May I offer a blessing of comfort, not only on behalf of the Knesset, but on behalf of the entire nation.

Meir, may you be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. May you draw comfort from our mother Rachel who sees her sons return home and may you take comfort in the recognition that there are rewards from your work and that of our loved one who will be forever remembered.

May the memory of Rabbi Menachem Porush be forever cherished.
