Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventpress061210



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at a press conference held today following the Carmel fire:

"Israel Police Haifa Deputy Commander Ahuva Tomer was laid to rest today after fighting for life for several days. Ahuva symbolized heroism and self-sacrifice. The entire Israeli people bow their heads for her and for all those who perished in the fire. The Ministerial Committee on Symbols and Ceremonies decided today that a memorial event would be heard after the end of the 30day mourning period; further details will be announced separately.

Today, the stage of extinguishing the fire is over and we are moving to the second stage, which is repairing the damages. We ask that this stage be as short as possible. To this end, at my meeting earlier today with Government ministry director-generals, chaired by Steering Committee director – and Prime Minister's Office Director-General – Eyal Gabai, I insisted that the bureaucracy must be shortened and that actions must be taken, which although they may not be routine, will enable us to end this suffering as soon as possible.

I have asked my friend, Netanya Mayor Miriam Feirberg, to take up a very special task – to speak for the communities that were hurt so that she might be able to reach me, Eyal Gabai or any minister or director-general. She knows all of us. Miriam is an experienced, proficient and successful mayor. She is familiar with local government and government ministers and knows everyone involved. Her additional advantage is that my and Eyal's doors will always be open to her. Miriam, I ask that you join tomorrow's director-generals' tour. Take some time in the coming days and weeks to be in the field. You will have access to us whenever you like. Make your voice heard, as you know how to do, and also be reassuring if need be. You know how judge well what is happening in the field and I want this extra force, this extra impetus of one of the most seasoned and experienced mayors I know. This is why I have asked you to accept this task upon yourself and I am grateful to you that you have agreed.

I hope that, in the coming days, we will be able to shorten processes to days and weeks. True, some things related to home construction will take more time but we want people to return to the rebuilt communities. It is important to understand that except for the problem of homes, which take time to build, we will do our utmost in order to solve all of the problems as quickly as possible. Therefore, we will use all means to realize this goal."

Question

: According to documents that were published up until today on the rehabilitation of the Fire and Rescue Service, why must a public survey be carried out in order to give money to the Fire and Rescue Service?"

Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai

: "Since I was in on the discussion, the summary of which was written by me, I think that there is a complete lack of understanding here on what was written. It is possible that this stem from the fact that Government discussions are summarized. One of the main issues in changing the Fire and Rescue Service is its transfer from the structure of local council and municipal corporation employees to that of emergency services. This is one of the basic demands and it is not ours; it has been around since 2007. We have encountered prolonged opposition, at least by elements outside the Government, and perhaps even from certain elements inside the Government, to this transition, which is vital in order to ensure that Israelis have security and emergency services like the other services.

At the discussion, the question came up and the claim that the Prime Minister is he only one who has met with the firemen. Previous prime ministers did not even bother to meet with their interior ministers regarding the Fire and Rescue Service. By the way, a survey was not done in the end, discussions were held and this issue was brought to a Cabinet discussion for a decision and the decision was to transfer NIS 100 million to the Fire and Rescue Service. This sum is ten times bigger than the average development budget. But, as I said, he has met with the firemen themselves. When this issue came up during the meeting, the firemen said, 'We want to strike.' The Prime Minister told them: 'You're like an emergency service.' The firemen replied: "We're a municipal service.'

One of the issues that came up, as a possibility, is that we would prove to the firemen hat they are perceived as an emergency service in order to change their minds on the organizational level as a workers committee. This is the point that came up. No survey was done and no check was carried out because the Interior Minister and the Finance Minister were convinced that there is no need. The Cabinet decision that came afterwards, in July, determined that the draft legislation that would be submitted would not include the right to strike, similar to an emergency service. No survey was necessary because this was the Government decision that was accepted by the Prime Minister. To come today and take the things that were said then and claim that this was in order to give money, or to not give money, is simply baseless. It was out a need to refer to the organizational aspect, out of consideration for the Prime Minister's talks with the firemen themselves.

As the one who wrote the summary of that discussion, it jibes neither with the context nor with the end result."

Question

: "Mr. Prime Minister, in addition to the all the actions that were taken since the beginning of this event, and now vis-à-vis the effort to shorten bureaucratic procedures, public debate, as you've certainly heard, seen and read, is also dealing with the issue of inquiring into the chain of events and you've perhaps given a preliminary answer when you turned to the State Comptroller. But there is a demand and an expectation in the public discourse and in the media, to establish some sort of a commission to inquire into how we reached such a situation in which a failure of the kind we have seen arises and one need not go into detail here. Do you oppose calling a state commission of inquiry or a government inquiry committee? What is your position on this issue?"

PM Netanyahu

: First, I am not dealing in blame, I deal in results, in saving lives, in extinguishing fires an now with repairing the damages. We know that there have been decades of neglect regarding the Fire and Rescue service, this has come up in many conclusions and in many committees. There is no lack of conclusions or lessons. There has been a lack of implementation. In the past year, my Government has begun to implement the lessons. We allocate NIS 1 billion, a NIS 100 million supplementary budget, which is ten times the Fire and Rescue Service's annual development budget. We did this as a preliminary response, not a final one. The first aid to fill the gaps was not 20% or 50%, but 1,000%. This was out of the understanding that there was a need to give an immediate response for urgent needs.

We did so out of the understanding that it was necessary to act immediately. This is the first thing that we did and we immediately said that we would continue to do so. At the moment, the first and most important thing is that there is money. The second thing is that we understand there it is also necessary to build a national fire service authority and we have also started to deal with this. The third thing, and I am talking about things that occurred before the fire, and not after. I must say that there has been much in the public debate that it would be worthwhile to check and be precise about. The third thing we did before the fire, in addition to money, in addition to legislation and acting to build a fire authority, I started to advance the idea of an aerial force. You know that this was in august, when I returned from Greece. But we are also now translating word into deed. My Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Loaker will submit within a week, I hope, in consultation with the IDF, a practical proposal to resolve this issue. Therefore, there have been problems for decades. There are gaps. It could be that there is also neglect but in the past year, we have been dealing in practical solutions. True, the fire happened. We had started to get things rolling before the disaster. The disaster happened. We need to hasten the solution, after the disaster. We deal in results, in solving problems."

Question

: "We were all surprised to a certain degree by the gesture that came from Turkey and following it we have heard that there has been some sort of checking into the possibility of a renewed warming-up of relations. Could you tell us something about what is happening vis-à-vis renewed relations with Turkey?"

PM Netanyahu

: "Not at this time. Let's say that there is great appreciation on our part for the fact that the Turkish Government sent two planes when we needed them. We very much appreciate this. I think that this is important. I have expressed this appreciation and I have also expressed the hope that this will allow us to advance improved relations in the future. But I have nothing to add beyond this."