Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechtachmoshet120510



The battle that opened the gates to the reunification of Jerusalem was waged here on this hill. We honor the heroism of the fighters, their dedication to the mission and their courageous spirits. We bow our heads in memory of the fighters who fell in the battle for Jerusalem.

Shortly before the outbreak of war, Naomi Shemer wrote her wonderful song, “Jerusalem of Gold”, and the nation was moved to hear a song that expressed their longing for the most sacred places of the Jewish people.

In the interim, the nation waited, we filled sandbags, the IDF prepared for battle and the skies grew overcast, and on June 5th, bombs rained from the skies. Jerusalem’s neighborhoods and streets were shelled and between staying in bomb shelters to wandering from camp to camp, my generation – teenagers at the time – began to hear rumors.

We heard the noise of battle; we heard about fighters who had fallen whom we knew and our hearts ached. At the same time, we heard a whisper of something bigger that was about to happen, something glorious. Only later did we learn the details of the heroic battles and the victories. We got to know the fighters, we learned about the fallen and we immediately knew how great their deed was.

Today in the Knesset, I told the story of how the wall near the Jerusalem Municipality was breached. I remember how my friends and I rushed through that hole. Rivers of people flowed into the Old City, through its alleys, to reach one place – the Western Wall. I remember the amazing feeling that filled us during that moment, and it has never gone away.

Until this fateful battle, Jerusalem – the eternal capital of Israel – was divided by barbed wire fences and minefields. Its main streets were hidden behind protective walls built to shield passersby from the enemy’s sniper fire. A foreign army was positioned less than two kilometers from government buildings and the Knesset. Every once in a while, snipers would fire from the walls that divided the city and civilians would be hit.

Since then, everything has changed.

This hill separated the Jerusalem neighborhoods from the Hebrew University campus on Mount Scopus. In those days, it was impossible to reach Mount Scopus freely. Once every other week, a small convoy would make its way under the protection of the United Nations, in order to travel this short distance. Today thousands of people go this way every day in only two minutes.

Before its reunification, Jerusalem was a divided city. Not one Jew could pray near the Western Wall, and not a single Arab would visit a doctor in Rehavia.

Jerusalem was a sleepy border town, a city on the edge. No new neighborhoods were established; no hotels were erected; and tourists did not rush to visit. A city divided in two cannot flourish or create or develop. And it is impossible to divide or freeze a vibrant, productive city.

The day Jerusalem was liberated was the day that the city heaved a sigh of relief and began to spread its wings, for the benefit of its Arab and Jewish residents alike. Freedom of worship for all religions and freedom of access to the holy places was established for the members of all religions.

We will never again allow Jerusalem to become a separated, bleak and divided city. We will continue to build and be built in Jerusalem. We will continue to plan, develop and create.

We are the generation that had the privilege of witnessing the liberation of Jerusalem and its reinstatement as the holiest site for our people. And we must pass this privilege on to our children and grandchildren.

Today, during a special session in the Knesset, the Speaker of the Knesset said that perhaps a certain distancing has occurred with regard to the feeling of uniqueness and the special bond our people has for its capital – I don’t believe this is true. The people of Israel’s bond with Jerusalem is so strong, so unique that it is superior to any other people’s bond with its capital. Our bond has lasted for millennia, it has overcome all challenges and it is stronger than ever.

It is true that we need to bring our children to Jerusalem, and this has been the practice over the past year. Two hundred thousand schoolchildren visited Jerusalem last year. This year, half a million schoolchildren have already visited and been moved by Jerusalem. Their enthusiasm is tremendous when they visit the Western Wall, when they visit other places, when they talk about the Jewish people’s past, when they visit Hezekiah’s Tunnel or walk along the wall of stones that remains from the Temple or in the Western Wall Tunnels.

That same emotion, that same feeling that beat in our breast beats in theirs, and therefore I feel it is our obligation to pass down the eternal values of Jerusalem and the Jewish people, as well as to ensure the future of our children and the generations to come. This is intimately connected to our eternal capital – Jerusalem.

The President rightly said that we aspire to peace and we are working towards peace. I also believe we will achieve peace. But whoever presents the problem of peace as the problem of Jerusalem would do well to remember that Jerusalem was once divided and there was no peace – there was war.

It is true that each side presents its demands during negotiations, but ultimately recognition of the Jewish people’s right to live in its homeland and build in its capital is not an obstacle to peace – it is the key to peace and we wish for peace.

May there be peace in your armies, tranquility in your palaces. May there be peace in Jerusalem and Zion. May the memory of the fallen be blessed. We will remember them forever.