Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechbenguryon141110



Does history create leaders or do leaders shape history? This is a question historians and philosophers love to argue over, but I believe that when it comes to David Ben-Gurion, there is no argument. There is consensus. David Ben-Gurion is one of those rare personalities who single-handedly shaped their nation's history at a fateful time. The unbearable burden involved in the decision to declare the establishment of the State rested entirely on his shoulders. Both friends and adversaries tried to dissuade him from it. Supporters and followers left him with the full responsibility of deciding, one way or the other.

Ben-Gurion estimated that war was coming. He knew its price. He knew that the responsibility was fully his, that he stood alone, isolated, in the face of that historic moment. The temptation to wait for a more fitting opportunity, to formulate a more solid majority and find partners in this responsibility, was enormous. But Ben-Gurion was able to recognize that elusive historic moment of "now or never", and his decision to declare the establishment of the State of Israel, emanated first and foremost from his recognition that at that historic moment, the establishment of the State was the only way to secure the future of the people of Israel.

Once he made that decision, he was guided by several principles, which were articulated just now by our President. I wish to emphasize three of them – three fundamental principles that guided him in the battle over Israel's revival and strengthening.

The first principle – security; security as the basis of our existence and a necessary foundation for peace. There is no peace without security; peace without security cannot be sustained for long.

The second principle – Jerusalem. Jerusalem is the heart of our nation.

The third principle, which we are literally standing on, is the development of the Negev.

Ben-Gurion knew full well the importance of international policy and the need for allies. No nation can exist without allies. Even the greatest superpower needs allies, let alone a small, embryonic country. But he also repeatedly emphasized that in order to preserve Israel's security, we could not rely on anyone, only on our own strength. That is why he strove, with full force, to create secure borders for the State of Israel.

On Jerusalem, Ben-Gurion faced the world with impressive courage. He stated that Jerusalem was an organic, inseparable part of the State of Israel, just as it was an inseparable part of Israel's history and the Jewish faith – the very essence of our people. Jerusalem is the heart of the State of Israel. These were his words during the first Knesset session in Jerusalem.

And I need not elaborate on Ben-Gurion's Negev challenge. It is enough to remember the enormous effort made by our forces during the War of Independence to conquer the Negev and reach Eilat. Today, the majority of Israel's territory is a result of that decision. Just by standing here, in the place in which he chose to spend his last days, and looking at the expanses around us, we can understand how important the Negev was to our first Prime Minister.

From the edge of the cliff overlooking the spectacular view of the desert, at the resting place of David and Paula Ben-Gurion, we will remember and remind ourselves that there are still great expanses in the land of Israel, north and south. I flew over them just now – expanses that long for pioneering hands, for settlement, development and the realization of the Zionist dream. We are making great efforts to fulfill Ben-Gurion's vision for the Negev. IDF bases that are being relocated to the Negev are the cornerstone of a great civilian development movement. The plans and budgets we allocated for the laying of roads and railways will bring the Negev closer to Israel's business and cultural centers. We are pleased that Be'er-Sheva is also expanding as a result of the railway project.

The Ashdod-Eilat railway line, which is an integral part of our vision, will significantly change the face of the Negev. We encourage young people straight out of the army to come and study in the Negev. We encourage young couples to make the Negev their home. We act to encourage tourism in the Negev. There are impressive projects involving the most advanced modern agriculture in the Arava and other places, as well as solar energy plants that should and will be expanded in this place of eternal sun. The Negev is a bridge between two borders of peace, and its future is inextricably linked to the establishment of the regional peace zone which we are advancing.

However, this peace does not include a flood of illegal work immigrants, who come from Africa through the Sinai and the Negev. This is a plague that affects our neighbor Egypt as well. Within two weeks, we plan to begin the construction of the ground barrier along the border with Egypt. This will also greatly contribute to the Negev and to its residents' sense of security. This barrier is also a result of our commitment to Israel's character as a Jewish, democratic state. It is our duty; it is our governmental and legal responsibility to the State of Israel, which defined itself as such in its Declaration of Independence.

In the words of Ben-Gurion that have reverberated throughout the generations: the State of Israel will be established on the foundations of freedom, justice and peace. It will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion, race or sex. Finally – we hereby declare the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel.

Today, and at all times, we are committed to preserving and defending this declaration. We will therefore stand firm on security, our loyalty to Jerusalem and the vision of the development of the Negev – all are an inseparable part of the legacy of our first Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion.

May the memory of Paula and David Ben-Gurion be blessed.