Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart100110



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

Last week 20 rockets and mortar rounds were fired at Israel from the Gaza Strip

. I regard this very seriously. The IDF responded immediately; it attacked missile producing factories in the Gaza Strip and tunnels through which Iran smuggles missiles and rockets into the Strip. The Government's policy is clear: Any firing at our territory will be responded to strongly and immediately.

It is not only missiles and rockets that endanger security and push peace further off. Words can also be dangerous. Sadly,

there has been a retreat in this area in recent months, both within the Palestinian Authority and by its leaders

. Whoever sponsors and supports naming a square in Ramallah after

a terrorist who murdered dozens of Israelis on the coastal road

– encourages terrorism. Whoever declares

those responsible for the murder of the late Rabbi Meir Avshalom Hai, father to seven children

, as holy martyrs – pushes peace further away.

At the same time,

incitement continues

in the Palestinian media and education system; in its official media outlets and

in the schools under its supervision

. These serious actions represent a harsh violation of the

Palestinians' international obligation to prevent incitement

. I say to the Chairman of the Palestinian Authority: Stop the incitement. This is not how peace is made. Peace is made by educating towards reconciliation, by encouraging good neighborly relations and by developing mutual respect. Therefore, the cessation of Palestinian incitement is a necessary condition, not for entering into discussions, but so that we may complete them in a way that will bring about genuine peace between our two peoples."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also paid tribute to his outgoing

Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Meir Kalifi, who is retiring from the IDF after 33 years of service