Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart020510



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, the Cabinet will mark National Day of Recognition of Reservists. We will be briefed by Deputy Defense Minister Matan Vilnai.

I would like to thank all reservists who bear the burden of long days, and occasionally weeks and months, every year for Israel's security. While the State of Israel has a unique regular army, in the end it relies on the people and mobilization of reservist soldiers and commanders. This is, in effect, the guarantee of Israel's security and our ability to maintain the state and repel attacks against it.

I know that the burden is not always shared evenly; perhaps this can be changed. We must certainly express our special appreciation to those who bear the burden and thus help us all.

If I spoke of a burden, this burden is also not shared equally in the labor market. One of the major ills of the State of Israel is the fact that many groups are not evenly represented in the labor market, and this must be changed. Of the changes we have made is the 'Lights to Employment' plan that promotes and encourages the unemployed – especially the chronically unemployed – to find work.

This plan was launched on a pilot basis in several cities. It marked out 18,000 people, placed them in jobs. They stayed in the jobs and thus the plan certainly succeeded. It did not lack problems that must be corrected but the plan's closure is a blow, a blow to the idea that we want to promote, that Israelis who can work – should work, period.

I am not prepared to give up on this. I also spoke about it with Industry, Trade and Labor Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer and Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, and I asked the former to submit to the Cabinet soon – I mean weeks and certainly no more than two months – a new national plan that makes the corrections. Such a plan would enable us to advance the basic idea of putting people to work and integrating them into the labor market, giving the ability to earn a decent living for themselves and their families, and boosting their self-esteem, which is a very fundamental point of both economics and psychology.

I would like to make it clear that if we succeed in reaching levels of participation similar to those that prevail in Europe, which currently lags behind us in many respects, Israel will be one of the most prosperous countries in the world. This is one of our two or three greatest ills, alongside bureaucracy and cartelization, which we must struggle against. We will submit a new, corrected national plan for Cabinet approval – and to the Knesset if necessary. I believe that both of these will prove necessary and we will do so during the coming Knesset session."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also referred to

the plan to include pediatric dental care in the health services basket

and paid tribute to his outgoing intelligence advisor, Col. Uri Halperin.