Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechredarmy110510

Yona Degen was born in a Ukrainian village. In 1941, half of its residents were Jewish. During the Second World War, Yona ran away from home – he was only sixteen and a half – and joined the ranks of the Red Army.

He impressed his commanders with his bravery, and after several days of battle – because of his intrepid spirit – he was appointed company commander.

Yona continued to climb the chain of command and completed an officers’ course in the armored corps of the Red Army.

He has a row of medals hanging on his chest and some of them were awarded to him for destroying 16 Vermacht tanks. During one of the battles in eastern Prussia, Yona was severely injured. Shrapnel penetrated his brain and his legs, and seven bullets pierced his arms. As a result, he was disabled for the rest of his life.

The war ended; Yona had never finished learning. He decided to go back to school since he had not completed high school. He continued his studies and eventually studied medicine at Kiev University.

As time went by, he related that he had chosen to specialize in orthopedics because of his disability, in order to help other people deal with their handicaps. He became a professor of medicine.

However, slowly he began to experience rumblings of anti-Semitism, and this in turn awoke his interest in his Judaism. He looked for a Bible that he could read in order to learn about his people’s history, but it was very difficult to find Bibles in the Soviet Union at that time.

Yona secretly approached a Baptist Christian friend and told him: “I want to learn about my people’s history. Could you perhaps help me get a Bible?” And a Bible was secretly smuggled to Yona.

In 1977, he immigrated to Israel and was integrated into the Leumit Health Fund as an expert orthopedist.

Today, Yona is 85. He wrote medical books in addition to being the grandfather of three. One of them followed in his grandfather’s footsteps and serves in an elite unit of the Israel Defense Forces.

Yona’s story is the epitome of the stories of all the veterans sitting here, war heroes from the Second World War, the liberators of Europe and the saviors of our people.

Theirs is a story of struggle and sacrifice, of heroism and resurrection. You, our heroes adorned with medals and silver of hair, you are the true heroes of this day.

Each of you has his own medals, his own tales of heroism, and I am at times thunderstruck when we meet at such events. I always want to know what each medal is for and why you received it. Usually you aren’t so eager to tell your stories, but when you do, your listeners stand amazed because we know how overwhelming it was then, what was needed from you at the time. We know that tens of thousands of Jewish fighters fell in the killing fields of Europe, before they could witness the establishment of the national home of the Jewish people. However, it was made possible because of your sacrifice and that of your friends who never returned from the battlefield.

You liberated the remnants of our people from the horror of the death camps, and you stopped the greatest mass murder in history and the largest catastrophe in the history of the Jewish people.

We remember that you did so in the ranks of the Red Army, and along with the contribution made by the Jewish fighters to victory, we also remember and appreciate the contribution made by non-Jewish fighters.

When I was recently in Moscow, I told the Russian Prime Minister, Vladimir Putin, that we intend to erect a national monument in Israel commemorating the victory of the Red Army over Nazi Germany.

The monument will be erected in Netanya. It is true that there are monuments around the country, but we are erecting this monument using broad government funding, as is appropriate for expressing the gratitude and appreciation the Jewish people have for the sacrifice and heroism of the veterans and soldiers of the Red Army in achieving victory over the Nazis.

Today we remember our brothers and sisters who were destroyed by the Nazi oppressor, and we feel profound gratitude and appreciation for you, the fighters of the Red Army, as well as the fighters of the Brigade and the Underground, those who fought in the armies that brought about the defeat of the Nazi beast. We will continue to work to improve your welfare and quality of life, and we also appreciate the fact that your grandchildren continue the path laid out by you in the great victory 65 years ago.

As you did then, they ensure the continued existence and future of the Jewish people today, and we know that this future and our existence depend on an important lesson learned from the Holocaust – the ability of the Jews to defend themselves.

Today I wish you all a happy Victory Day. I practiced a long time and got lessons from my Russian-speaking friends to be able to say the following: Sdanyum Pobedi – Happy Victory Day.
