Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech44kneset010611



Translation

Mr. Speaker, my friend, Rubi Rivlin, a son of Jerusalem,

Knesset Members,

Distinguished Guests, including the Mayor of Jerusalem, Nir Barkat,

My friends, Knesset Members,

I do not boast about my old age when I say that we have a young Knesset. I checked. 18 of you, Knesset Members, were born after the Six Day War. Another 54, almost half the plenary, were small children, less than 10 years old, when Jerusalem was liberated and united.

I want you to understand. I do not say these things in defiance, but maybe with a touch of jealousy, because what it means is that like many Israelis, many of you simply cannot remember what Jerusalem looked like when it was divided. There was a partition wall on Jaffa Street. At the end of Jaffa Street there was a four-five storey tall wall, and we would look through the cracks. There were also cracks resulting from shots that were fired at us from the other side. Even the wall had cracks on it, the legionnaires were stationed on the wall and they would occasionally fire into the city.

I remember the Mamila neighborhood, the

Mamila compound. It was a "no man's land". You could get there, but you could not get any further. Beyond that area, the land was mined, and there were barbed wire fences and snipers stationed in front of us. That was the reality of a city which was shriveled and suffocated; a city that did not develop; a city that simply froze.

All this changed at once, within a period of six days in 1967. And since the end of the Six Day War, when Jerusalem was united under Israel's sovereignty, Jerusalem has breathed, thrived and developed, and the city is whole again.

Jerusalem's unification was the catalyst to its progress. I believe the most appropriate words were actually written in modern times by Uri Zvi Greenberg: "and I say: there is one truth and not two. As there is one sun and as there are not two Jerusalems." We know it, and you said it, that the Eternal City belongs to the Eternal People and we want to preserve Jerusalem's unity and integrity in words and actions, because it is not only a spiritual, celestial city, but also an earthly city, and it is not only a city of yesterday, but also a city of tomorrow.

And when I say actions, I mean actions – construction, education, culture, tourism, economy. Ultimately, we as a government and you as a municipality are tested by the resources you invest in this effort and the actions we take for the benefit of the progress and development of Jerusalem.

On Sunday we held a cabinet meeting at the Tower of David and we allocated another NIS 400 million for infrastructure, tourism, bio-technology and heritage sites. I must tell you that one of the most impressive things I witnessed there, also by working together, is the great momentum. Something truly is happening in Jerusalem. For years we have been talking about the emigration of certain populations from Jerusalem to the Lowlands because there are no entertainment sites, no culture facilities, no employment, certainly no advanced employment or not enough employment. We also speak about the lack of transportation, how hard it is to move from place to place, how hard it is to reach the city, how difficult mobility inside Jerusalem is. And these things are changing, also as a result of things that have already been done and things that are being done with great momentum. There are parallel developments here that amount to a great deal of activity, and this mass is capable of generating change in Jerusalem that I believe all of us would like to see.

First of all, we have resumed our work on the Jerusalem train with vigor. We are drilling through the mountain, and the train will run under the International Convention Center, where it will meet the light train, and we are planning another route for the light train. In other words, there will be a network.

Secondly, at the entrance to the city, on this spot, a "city" is being planned. We need to find a Hebrew word for the word "city". It is all planned. Many things have been planned. There was much talk, but things are being done. Great things. And I am pleased that there is continuity. We do not want exclusivity. On the contrary. We want unity. But I want people to hear it, because people have lost hope with regard to Jerusalem.

I think that one of the things that are important to know is that Jerusalem is rapidly changing. We speak of bio-technology that is being built these days at the Hadassah Bio-Technology College, in the large hospitalization tower. Entrepreneurs will be able to enter the new bio-technology academic college that will be built, giving it a powerful edge. This is huge. We will make every effort to facilitate the economic regulation in order for this to progress rapidly.

The arts district, the great expansion that you are planning and that we support; the national library that will be located here, right next to the Knesset; the courts district. We also build inside neighborhoods, and not only Jewish ones, but also the Arab ones. They deserve it. They do not have enough schools. We are building schools, classes, and we believe, I believe, that all these changes are vital for the future of Jerusalem.

We tend to always speak about the past. I think that we should welcome what is being done today for the future. Our parents' generation turned Jerusalem into the capital of Israel in the War of Independence. Our generation liberated Jerusalem and now it is building Jerusalem. The next generation will undoubtedly build it further and I believe that Jerusalem will quickly become a universal city that we can all be proud of – in terms of its perception of tomorrow, and adjustment to the future.

On Jerusalem's day of festivity, our wish is to fulfill Joel's prophecy: "Judah will be inhabited forever and Jerusalem for all generations".