Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokegabay200611



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai agreed today that the latter would, at his request, conclude his duties on 1.8.11.

Prime Minister Netanyahu thanked Dir.-Gen. Gabai, who took up his post in May 2009, for his many contributions over the past two years. "You have had a major role in the Government's achievements. Having known and worked with you in various frameworks for 14 years, I believe that we will yet work together again," the Prime Minister said.

PMO Dir.-Gen. Gabai thanked Prime Minister Netanyahu for his trust and said that he was satisfied with, and proud of, his role in the Government's many achievements.

During his tenure, Dir.-Gen. Gabai – on instruction from Prime Minister Netanyahu – dealt with a range of areas and advanced a long series of important socio-economic issues. He was responsible for the laying of the natural gas pipeline to Haifa, the passage of the Bank of Israel Law and the construction of a barrier along the Egyptian border to block the flow of infiltrators. The recommendations of the committee he chaired on the employment of the ultra-orthodox – including a policy to encourage employment among the ultra-orthodox and the determination of periods in which married, full-time seminary students would be eligible for support payments – were approved by the Cabinet.

PMO Dir.-Gen. Gabai also worked to advance measures initiated by Prime Minister Netanyahu in the field of real estate, including reforms at the Israel Land Administration, an outline to accelerate the work of the planning commissions and the removal of bureaucratic impediments to the marketing of thousands of apartments.

In accordance with the Prime Minister's policies, many plans to benefit the periphery and minority populations were advanced: It was decided to allocate significant resources to the relocation of IDF bases to the Negev, highway plans were advanced and a multi-year master plan was approved for the minorities sector, including northern Bedouin, Druze and Circassians.

PMO Dir.-Gen. Gabai was also involved in inter-ministerial work. Under his auspices, the various ministries' working plans and goals were issued to the public for the first time.