Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventbelusconi130611

Mr. Prime Minister, my friend Silvio,

It's a pleasure to be with you and with all of you here today. You are a great personal friend, but you are also a great friend of the Jewish people and the State of Israel. I say that from the heart.

I was asked about our relations by one of your television channels. So I said something I said in the Knesset when you came on a formal visit. I spoke about this young mother, actually a pregnant mother, in her eighth month of pregnancy, who on a train confronted…I think it was a Gestapo officer who wanted to take out a Jew, and she said: you will not take that person, and he said: of course I'll take that person, and she said: you will not take that person because you will not come out of here alive, and all the people who were afraid drew courage.So we don’t forget Rosa Berlusconi, we don’t forget the mother and we don’t forget the son. We know how deep and enduring your friendship is to Israel and the Jewish people, and this meeting today has given us another opportunity to strengthen this remarkable friendship between Israel and Italy, between our two countries and our two peoples. When you go through Rome – we took a late night trip, a drive, this is what they allowed me, they got me out of my cage, they allowed us to drive and even get off the car, out of the car, at Piazza Navona, right next to Bernini – but when you go through the splendor of Rome, you see once again a reaffirmation of the fact that in the ancient world, Rome and Jerusalem were the two wellsprings of Western civilizations. Rome was the center of extraordinary progress in antiquity, in law, in engineering, in architecture and so many other fields, and Jerusalem was the center of our spiritual progress, the belief in One God, in the equality of man, in universal peace and justice. But as you go through Rome, you also see that in modern times our two peoples have been remarkable engines of modernity. We visited Bernini and Michelangelo, Raphaelo, right here. I mean, the Italian renaissance paved the way to the modern world, and my own people, the Jewish people, helped pave the way in science, in medicine, in technology, in culture. So we are contributing to one another and to humanity throughout the ages but many people don’t know that the unification or the establishment of modern Italy 150 years ago also deeply influenced the founding fathers of Zionism. In fact, the story of Mazzini and Garibaldi had a deep impact on Theodor Herzl and all the other founders of the modern Jewish national movement. I happen to belong to a movement, political movement, that was founded by Ze'ev Jabotinsky, and he was a great admirer of the Italian national movement. He was called "the Jewish Garibaldi" and he very much liked that too, that appellation. So our remarkable heritage of our two peoples has formed this partnership, the foundation for this partnership, and it is expressed today by the meeting, the second meeting between our two governments. The agreements that you've described…Prime Minister Berlusconi outlined these agreements, they are not merely technical agreements, they are a bond, a growing bond in modern times, in the beginning of the 21st century between the people of Italy and the people of Israel.
