Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart090111



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"We have a very busy meeting today. We will deal; with the issue of ultra-orthodox young men and the draft, an upgraded fire service and, I hope, we will have time to deal with electric power generating plants. These are enough for a long meeting, but we should have enough time.

Regarding the fire service, we are submitting

a comprehensive, NIS 800 million proposal for home front emergency preparedness and disasters

. It will provide for both fires and earthquakes. NIS 350 million will be allocated to establishing an upgraded national fire service and an aerial firefighting force. The new fire service will be part of the Public Security Ministry and I have instructed that the aerial firefighting force begin operations within a few months. In the first stage, we will lease planes. In the second stage, we will buy planes. I spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper last Friday regarding possible bilateral arrangements to purchase Canadian planes, which are the best in the world for this kind of mission.

Today, I will submit for Cabinet approval

a decision to enable a significant increase in the number of ultra-orthodox young men drafted into the IDF, for national security service and for civic service

. This decision will provide for the doubling of the number of ultra-orthodox young men enrolled in national service. We are talking about doubling them within five years and we mean that most ultra-orthodox young men in their draft year will serve in national service within five years. This is a revolution, a significant revolution. It will have epercussions regarding the division of the security and economic burden in the country. It will have very great consequences for the integration of the ultra-orthodox into society and the economy. I would like to commend the IDF, the Defense Ministry and the other ministries that were involved, including the Finance Ministry, as well as National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Eugene Kandel and Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai, who worked very hard on this change, which I think is a great blessing for the State of Israel.

We will also discuss the electricity sector and various ideas on power generating plants. We will make a decision and we will finish the meeting on time. Thus, I will conclude my remarks with one more comment.

Today, after the Cabinet meeting, I will meet with the members of the Sheshinski Committee and will hear their recommendations. Later in the week, I will meet with the relevant ministers: Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, National Infrastructures Minister Uzi Landau and Environmental Protection Minister Gilad Erdan, as well as with Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer. Afterwards, I will meet with the investors from "Tamar". I will make a decision and will submit my recommendation to the Cabinet within a short time, at one of our upcoming meetings, for their approval. Thus Israel will make a critical decision regarding a natural resource that is important for our future. I will recommend that the Cabinet establish a national fund to utilize the fruits of our gas reserves for several goals, with security and education foremost among them."