Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechbible100511



Last year I stood here on this podium, not only as Prime Minister, but as an excited and proud father. My youngest son, Avner, who was 15, stood here as the second runner up to the International Bible Quiz winner, and as Israel's Bible Quiz winner. I must say that I hadn't been so excited in years, and so I well understand you, the parents and family members here today. I would like to repeat what I said last year. I said it to the contestants and now I tell you all. You are all champions, you are all Bible champions. Whoever made it here is a champion among champions.

The Bible is the foundation of our existence, the basis of our faith. I know of no other book that has made such a great contribution to humanity. The Bible is not merely another work of literature; it is the entire world – literature, poetry, ethics, prophecies and eschatology. I am pleased to hear from my friend, Minister of Education Gideon Sa'ar, that we have changed the Bible curriculum in our schools. First, we have reinstated the study of the Bible stories. I find it odd that we need to reinstate them in the first place. These stories in the bible of Joseph and his brothers, Cain and Able, David and Goliath, are the greatest stories in the history of man-kind and of our people. And they capture the imagination of every boy and girl. So we have reinstated the study of these stories. We have also brought back Bible reading, because the Bible should be read. We have done this side by side with reinforcing Judaism and Zionism studies. I congratulate you, Gideon, on leading this important change. There is no better way to ensure our cohesion as a nation and the spiritual foundation of our future.

I would like to say something to all the boys and girls who came here from all over the world. You all come from different backgrounds, from different cultures, you even speak different languages. And yet, the Bible is the common ground that brings you all together, and the true prize you have won is the knowledge, your expertise in the Book of Books. This knowledge will be a part of you as long as you live. I know from my own experience that you gained this knowledge through plenty of hard work, burning the midnight oil reading and memorizing. And I know that you should be proud of yourselves that you could fulfill what is written in the Book of Joshua. What does it say? "But recite it day and night." No less important, I am sure that you succeeded in deriving the wisdom of the heart and the rationale of our people from your studies, as it is written in the Book of Nehemiah: "And they read in the book, in the Law of God… every one that had knowledge and understanding." So I say to all the Bible Quiz contestants who came from abroad, be blessed, return to your families, bring your parents and make Aliyah. I tell you, next year in Jerusalem, and in the coming years at the adult Bible Quiz, which will be held this year on the fifth day of Hanukkah. We wish you all a good day, good studies and a good holiday. Hag Same'ach. Thank you very much.