Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokelod310511



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Education Minister Gideon Saar toured educational institutions in Lod. Lod's appointed mayor, Meir Nitzan, Deputy Minister Gila Gamliel and MK Zeev Elkin, as well as senior Education Ministry and Lod Municipality officials, accompanied the tour.

The tour was held in the framework of

the NIS 44 million education plan that the Government has enacted for Lod

and which is designed to provide a qualitative answer to the city's education system and position it as one of Israel's leading systems.

During the tour, Prime Minister Netanyahu and Education Minister Saar were briefed on the main activities being carried out in the framework of the Education Ministry's plan for Lod, such as including the city in both the national plan to adapt the education system for the 21st century and the new "Israel heritage and culture" curriculum, and the teaching of Chinese.

The tour began at the New Arab High School where the Prime Minister was moved by an intermediate grade pupil, who spoke fluent English that she had studied in the framework of the school's project for excellence, and suggested that she address the US Congress in the future.

At the Zevulon Hammer Elementary School, approximately 70% of whose pupils are either new immigrants or the children of new immigrants, Prime Minister Netanyahu and Education Minister Saar participated in a computerized Grade 6 lesson on

Theodor (Binyamin Zeev) Herzl

. The Prime Minister discussed with the pupils Herzl's vision of a Jewish state and its realization in Israel.

Students at the Maoz religious pre-military academy in Lod, which was established approximately six years ago in order to strengthen both social-educational action and the Jewish presence in the city, gave the Prime Minister a singing welcome. Education Minister Saar granted the academy its official Education Ministry recognition as a pre-military academy.

Prime Minister Netanyahu summarized the visit: "We are navigating our path in a changing world that is full of great challenges for the Jewish People. We are commanded to ensure Israel's future. Our strength is in education and in our heritage, which are our map and compass."

Education Minister Saar said that, "The education system in Lod is an island of strength in the city. We are investing budgets and working in a correct manner, and are achieving breakthroughs in order to bring about change and turn Lod into a leading education city. All of our flagship programs are operating in Lod, including the national plan to adapt the education system for the 21st century, Israeli heritage and culture studies and the teaching of Chinese. The current Government is investing more in the education system and in higher education."