Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart270311



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"The last two years have been the most quiet in the past decade, vis-à-vis security in the south and in general. During these two years, we adopted a policy of systematic and consistent responses to any attack against Israel. In the last two weeks, various elements have tried to violate the quiet and the security to which we have become accustomed in the last two years. Naturally, we are interested in quiet and security. While we have no interest in escalating the situation, we will not hesitate to use the might of the IDF against anyone who attacks our people. We will not countenance attacks on our citizens. This is the policy of the Government of Israel. This is the policy of every government and of every country, which have the right and the obligation to defend their citizens.

Several months ago, we promised that we would establish an aerial firefighting squadron. Today, three of the seven planes are arriving. The other four will arrive in the coming weeks. I hope that next month we will be able to dedicate the 'Elad' squadron, after the late

Elad Riven

. This squadron will provide us with a new dimension of defense against fires and wildfires.

I would like to note that today the Cabinet will discuss issues related to new immigrants. I discussed this in my talks with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. I especially discussed the issue of pensions and the need to provide for new immigrants who arrive from Russia without pension arrangements. The two countries are holding an intensive discussion about this and I hope it will be resolved.

At the same time, we will decide today, I am certain the Cabinet will approve,

to allow municipalities to build hostels for the needy elderly, at reduced prices

. I think that this is important news for the needy.

Lastly, we know that

there is real distress among the Jews of Tunisia

, many of whom would like to immigrate to Israel. We will increase the absorption basket in order to allow them to do so. Israel is the state of the Jews. It worries about Jews wherever they are. Those who are here and those who would like to come here."