Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventchile020311



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks today to the

Chilean miners

"You told me about your visit to the Dead Sea. They say that it is the lowest place in the world but that is not exactly true. You were in the lowest place in the world. The entire world watched you and expected that you would be saved. It almost did not happen. I remember several similar events in my life when the whole world watched and wanted to see people be saved and succeed in returning.

The first time was when man first set foot on the moon. All humanity watched and wanted to see the astronauts return safely. The second time was at Entebbe, during the operation to free the hostages and bring them back home. The third time was 9/11, when the whole world watched to see if it was possible to rescue people from the burning and collapsing towers. The fourth time was with you; the whole world watched.

Now, what gave you the strength? Tell me, what gave you the strength. Faith. Faith in life, in God and in life. Our country and our people have more than a few enemies. They say that they sanctify death – but you know, and everyone knows, that Jews sanctify life.

You also sanctified life and the strength of faith in God, for life, was stronger than death. And this is what we have in common. In the Galilee, in Tiberias, in Jerusalem, we sanctify life. We were very moved when you came to this place, where that faith began, in this city, Jerusalem. We all aspire to life, to live in peace, to live with faith and to live amidst mutual respect.

Welcome to Jerusalem.

I was very impressed by the efforts of your President, with whom I spoke several times, and by his focus, by his intent and by his bringing help from overseas, from everywhere in the world, in order to help rescue you from the depths of the earth. And of course, I was impressed by your strength and your faith. We understand that completely here, believe me. They say that the Jewish People live against all probabilities; the Jewish People has succeeded in overcoming all the rules of history. You succeeded – against all odds and all assessments – in emerging forth.

We hold you in the highest regard. We are very moved and are happy to see baby Richard. We invite him to return when he reaches bar mitzvah age – 13.

Thank you very much."