Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart150511



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"The state was founded 63 years ago on the basis of

the declaration of independence

which promises equality of rights for all of our citizens regardless of religion, race and sex. We extended our hand in peace to our Arab neighbors and promised equality, progress and partnership to Israel's Arab citizens. When one looks at the region today, Israeli Arabs are the only Arabs in the Middle East and North Africa that enjoy democratic rights, equality and civil rights.

We are concerned with the advancement of the sector. Today, for example, we will make an additional decision regarding the development and strengthening of the Bedouin communities in northern Israel. We are talking about a NIS 350 million plan. I remind you that one year ago we decided on an approximately NIS 800 million five-year plan for the development of the minorities sector. We also recently decided on an NIS 680 million plan to develop the Druze and Circassian sectors. Indeed, along with the plan that we will approve today for the Bedouin in northern Israel, we are talking about an overall investment of approximately NIS 2 billion in order to implement our policy of reducing the gaps between the various sectors of Israeli society.

I regret that there are extremists among Israeli Arabs and in neighboring countries who have turned the day on which the State of Israel was established, the day on which the Israeli democracy was established, into a day of incitement, violence and rage. There is no place for this, for denying the existence of the State of Israel. No to extremism and no to violence. The opposite is true.

Today, we will take leave of outgoing ISA Director Yuval Diskin. Yuval concludes 33 years of service to the state and six years as ISA Director. He has done much for the State of Israel. I am unable to say everything, but there is much that can be told. Yuval is a fighter. He started out in the Shaked Reconnaissance Unit, was a deputy company commander and came with this spirit, that of a field commander, that of a man trained in carrying out missions. He infused this spirit into the ISA and I must say that the results speak for themselves. The results are in saving lives in Israel, are related to the security of the state, and are in counter-terrorism and in strengthening our intelligence capabilities vis-à-vis terrorist enemies. Therefore, I would like to take this opportunity, Yuval, to hank you on behalf of the Government and people of Israel for your contribution to the security of the State of Israel."