Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechtachmoshet010611

TranslationWe stand here today where a bloody fight took place – here and in other places around Jerusalem – and we know how the heroes fell and how courageous soldiers were lost.

We know the magnitude of loss, the depth of pain and the fullness of pride that, in falling, our heroes united Jerusalem.

Those of us who were alive then remember that overwhelming moment, will never forget it, and the people have the historic memory. However, many of Israel’s citizens, many of you here today, certainly the young people who had not been born and others who were children – and that is why you cannot personally and directly remember what life was like in Jerusalem before the city was reunified.

I would like to share some of my memories of my childhood in Jerusalem with you. From Sanhedria in the north to Talpiot in the south, the city was under fire or under the threat of fire – always under the threat of fire. I knew this as a child of three years old, because I remember my mother’s voice. Every Saturday, I would go out with my brother, Yoni, who was six at the time, to the Talpiot neighborhood, up Ein Gedi Street. Both of us would walk to visit Professor Yosef Klausner who lived up the hill. We had to cross a field and we would pick flowers and bring them to Professor Klausner. His house was one of the last houses in Jerusalem.

Each time, Mother would tell us: “Only to Professor Klausner’s house, not one meter further.” My mother was an intelligent woman because several years later, only several hundreds meters beyond that at Ramat Rachel, Legion soldiers shot Israelis who were there at the time – four archaeologists were killed and 14 others were injured.

I grew up. When I was six or seven, I already had a bicycle. Every once in a while, the bicycle had to be fixed and Father would take it in, and I would come with him to the bike shop. The shop was at Mamilla near his office, the Hebrew Encyclopedia office, and past that were several garages, and in them were the bike shops.

There too, I was told: “This far and no further. If you go further, the snipers can shoot you from the walls of Jerusalem.” Today that place is the David Citadel Hotel, exactly there.

When we were even older, we would go to the movies, usually in downtown Jerusalem. We would walk along King George Street, near the “Yeshuron” Synagogue. Today, the Bat Sheva Hotel is there, if I’m not mistaken. There was a wall there, and that wall was built because there were snipers targeting pedestrians, children. That was Jerusalem.

I had a happy childhood, as did my fellow Jerusalemites, including Ruby Rivlin. As children, we adapted to everything, but I want you to know how the city was then.

There was a scar running through the middle of town – of barbed wire fences, a no-man’s land, landmines, abandoned areas. There was a dump. People would bring cars there; Jews would bring junk there; Arabs would pour garbage there, but that’s what was there. The scar cut across the city, with snipers on the walls and walls built to protect against the snipers.

Under such conditions, it is obvious that the city could not develop. It was strangled, it was withered, it had no future.

One day that changed. I remember that day, and I remember the words spoken by Motta Gur, words that shook my heart. I remember that shortly afterwards, like thousands of others, I was swept up in a river of people flowing – simply flowing – towards the Western Wall. And I remember that feeling of tremendous transcendence, a spiritual uplifting that beat in each and every one of our hearts. We will never go back to the days when we had to climb to the roof of the Terra Sancta building to see the Old City. We will never go back to the days when the city was divided. We will never go back to the days when the city was wounded and torn apart, because on the day that Jerusalem was liberated, on the day the city was reunited, the wound was healed and the scar disappeared.

There are problems and great challenges, but we will not go back to those days. What happened on the day of that great victory after what had happened here is that Jerusalem began to breathe again. It began to flourish, it began to spread its wings, be built up and develop.

Jews returned to pray at the Western Wall, new neighborhoods and factories were built. Millions of tourists rushed to the renewed holy city, and I am pleased to see that those numbers increase every year.

With the hindsight of 44 years, we can say today that the day Jerusalem was liberated, the day both parts of the capital of Israel were reunified, the day the tears were knit together, is the day the capital of Israel was renewed and flourished.

It was a day when Jerusalem was restored to its former status, but it was also a day that created a new status. Jerusalem is being renewed. Mr. Mayor, I must tell you that I am deeply impressed by the amount of development and construction around town and into town. We are building a rail line, drilling into the mountainside, to Jerusalem and in Jerusalem. We are laying out roads and rail lines, and soon there will be another train, and the hi-tech center, and the biotech center, and the arts center and a new movie facility, courts, the new National Library that is being built near the Knesset. I think that there hasn’t been so much momentum since Teddy Kollek’s time, and we should all welcome it and participate in it.

The entire world looks to Jerusalem, but first we turn our eyes to Jerusalem, looking towards Zion. Because Jerusalem has always been our heart’s desire. For 3,000 years, the poets of our people wrote poems about it: “Our feet stood firm within your gates”, “Zion, thou art anxious for thy captives”, “I will bow down to you because your name is burned on my lips”. The generation that fought in the Independence War gave us a country with Jerusalem as the reborn capital of the Jewish state that arose from the ashes. Our generation united Jerusalem and is developing it with strength and vigor, and the next generation – your generation, children – will ensure its future as the one united, undivided and prosperous capital.

On this day, on this hill, on this monument to the best of our sons, who sacrificed their lives to unite the split in the city, we swear again, “If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand wither, let my tongue cleave to my palate if I do not remember you, if I do not sent Jerusalem above my highest joy.”

May the memories of the liberators be blessed and forever engraved in the memory of our people.
