Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventpolish230211



Welcome Prime Minister Tusk, Donald, to Jerusalem. I welcome all of your delegation. I’m pleased to welcome you to Jerusalem. I have to tell you that the weather in Jerusalem today is a bit better than the weather that we had in Poland, but we were warmed by your friendship, the warmth of your openness in receiving my delegation and me in Warsaw and I hope to reciprocate in kind, so I want to extend this special hello to each of your ministers.

I also want to wish your Foreign Minister, Mr. Sikorski: today you have a birthday I’m told it’s the 48th birthday. Well, happy birthday.

And I want to wish another member of your delegation, Wladyslaw Bartoszewski, a happy birthday. He just celebrated his 89th birthday this past Saturday.

Mr. Baroszewski, served twice as Poland’s Foreign Minister. He received from Yad Vashem, our Holocaust Memorial Institute, the honor of being what we called a Righteous Gentile, a man of great courage, great integrity and an honorary citizen of Israel. So I welcome you as well, sir.

I know that you are the father of a well-known historian who wrote the history of the Jews in Poland. I have to tell you that I’m the son of a fairly well-known historian who also deals with the Jewish people, so we’ll have a lot to talk about as well.

And our histories are indeed are interlaced. The Jewish people are an indelible part of Polish history, and Poland is an indelible part of Jewish history. It’s a history of great tragedy and great struggle and great triumph. I just recently helped my son in his studies of history, so he happened to be studying Polish history and I saw the parallel between our two national movements in the 19th century, the great romantic burst of belief in our destiny, in our faith, in our future, and there’s no question that the two national movements influenced one another, so we have much in the past. We suffered greatly. The Jews suffered in Europe and on the soil of Poland greatly. The Polish people suffered too, greatly, in their quest for freedom, both in the 19th century and in the 20th century. We suffered in the Warsaw Ghetto, you suffered in Warsaw.

And we know that the suffering eventually culminated in great victory. We have a free Poland and a free State of Israel, and this would have been perhaps unimaginable in the beginning of the 20th century, but it’s a fact at the beginning of the 21st century.

So when I welcome you here, it’s not merely to note the past, but to build a better future together – something that I know from our conversations, you’re deeply committed to, as am I and all my government. And I look forward to working with you on this trip, with your ministers and my ministers to fashion that future and cooperation between our two countries.

We had the opportunity to speak briefly before this press conference and you asked me about the situation in our region and I said that we’re at a period of great instability and I know that you and all responsible leaders around the world seek to strengthen that stability and to work for the expansion of the circle of peace. That is not something that is obvious and we cannot as you said predict the future. We don’t know whether the Arab countries will choose to go towards democratization and liberalization on the models that we understand or that their efforts will be directed towards other destinations.

We can only hope for the best. We work for the best, but we have to prepare for every scenario. We understand that in the time of turmoil there’s also the possibility of great tragedy. And because of the current violence in Libya, I received a personal request from President Abbas of the Palestinian Authority that Israel allow a number of Palestinians to leave Libya and to enter the Palestinian territories. The request was made because there is a concern for their safety and their very lives and for humanitarian reasons I decided to respond positively to this request, so Israel will enable in the coming days for three hundred Palestinians to enter the Palestinian areas.

I think this is a mark of our good will. It’s a mark of our desire for good neighborliness. It’s a mark of our desire for peace. And I believe all responsible parties have to do their best now to protect human life and to advance peace and security in our regions. I know this is your goal and this is our goal as well.

Now I have a gift for you. And the gift is a painting by a famous British artist, Bartlett, in 1850. It’s a depiction of Jerusalem, the heart of the Jewish people. It is an expression of our longing to restore our ancient land and to restore our life as a sovereign people in our ancestral homeland. This is precisely Poland’s aspirations over the years, so I give this to you as a symbol of friendship and as a symbol of our hopes for a common future of peace and prosperity and security.

Thank you.