Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoketruma010311



The joint Government, business sector and third sector round table today submitted to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu its plan to promote both individual and corporate philanthropy.

The steps were formulated by Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai in cooperation with the Finance Ministry, the Justice Ministry, the State Revenue Division, the Tax Authority and the business and third sector representatives who are members of the round table. The plan will be submitted for Knesset approval.

The goal of the plan is to increase the percentage of contributions in Israel, mainly due to the economic crisis which has reduced donations from donors in Israel and abroad. Also, according to data presented to Prime Minister Netanyahu, it arises that the State of Israel is not realizing the contribution potential of its citizens, relative to that of other countries.

The steps included in the plan will make it easier for people seeking to donate, including wage-earners, the public at large and business elements.

In keeping with Government goals, the State will, for the first time, provide tax exemptions to those who donate NIS 180 per annum. Similarly, the ceiling for exemption-eligible donations will be raised to NIS7.5 million in place of the current NIS 4.4 million.

The plan significantly expands the possibility for wage-earners to donate and receive the tax exemptions due to them, via their salaries, quickly and without unnecessary bureaucracy. For the first time, Government ministries will permit state employees to benefit from the foregoing as well.

For the first time, the State will recognize the importance of philanthropic funds as a vital element in financing non-profit associations and social activities; therefore, they will be recognized as corporations the status of which will be provided for by law.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said that, "In Israel and among the Jewish People, many people would to give and are willing to do so. We want to encourage giving. This is an important value that must be encouraged and cultivated. This is a vital component of Israel's national, social and community strength. The understanding is to care for our various social needs. We must promote and assist this."