Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechcyber090611



We must become a significant force in the global cyber arena. We must do this not only because it is important for our security – which is the subject of today’s discussion – but because it is important for positioning Israel as a leading country in the 21st century. That is why we are making plans, although this field is not a precise one, one might even call it very conceptual. However, we must enter this field in a very clear manner. At first, we must allow for changes, which will happen, but we must become a global cyber power. It is possible and we have advanced past the embryonic stage – we have established ourselves and are moving ahead. Soon we will have to move even faster, and leap ahead, because that is the character of this field.

My father was born 101 years ago, in 1910. When he was born, there were combustible engine cars. Seven years earlier, the Wright brothers flew their bicycle plane for the first time. There were already telephone and telegraph lines. Einstein had already come up with the main ideas that would eventually lead him to formulate his Theory of Relativity. All these things already existed. However, we were just at the start, just crawling. What happened in the interim, of course, were tremendous changes that altered our world, both from an ideological standpoint and from a practical, technological standpoint. The invention of the computer, the work carried out by Turing and Von Neumann, presented us with possibilities that we never even considered: the computer, optic fiber, the cellular telephone, satellites, artificial intelligence, the ability to integrate – which sounds like Asian-European fusion cuisine – but to integrate the synthesis of all these disciplines and others that are rapidly being added in all these fields, including biology, physics, genetics and material theory.

This is all occurring at a dizzying pace, and you, who work in this field, don’t need to see the chart that shows how long it takes 150 million people to use a new product or technology again. You know that the time has shrunk from several decades or half a century to ten years or three years. I don’t know, how long did it take Facebook? One year? This is only the beginning. We all understand that the pace of change is increasing and this development is impressive and it provides tremendous opportunities for countries, for humanity, for people. First and foremost, it gives them the option of connecting with each other. It gives them the option of becoming accessible to databases – I don’t want to say information bases, because knowledge is a complex thing and it demands insights and understandings, the filtering of data and the creation of a hierarchy of importance between what is important and what is irrelevant and who knows what that is anymore? But someone needs to know.

Nevertheless, the possibility of finding at once, in one second, every collection of literature that ever existed is an amazing thing. The possibility of communicating, getting a simultaneous translation from any language into any other language… Where is the Tower of Babel now? I understand you are going to discuss Babylon later on. The Tower of Babel has been felled all at once. The possibility of running one’s life, receiving early information regarding many problems, preventing certain developments while advancing others – this possibility is a tremendous one which did not exist previously. We understand that people are cognitive creatures, social creatures, tool-building creatures – but they build cognitive, communication and social tools today at an ever-increasing pace, and they are branching out into new fields.

Our world is changing rapidly. I said before that my father was born in 1910 and the world has changed since then, and we know that we won’t have to wait 101 years for a similar change – these changes will occur within the next 10 years, 15 years, 20 years tops. In other words, today we live in an amazing reality that is changing, and the future belongs to the innovators, the inventors and the entrepreneurs – in terms of individuals, firms, companies and even countries. We already know this, but what we have achieved to date does not exempt us from what we have to accomplish next. Along with these tremendous developments come dependence and vulnerability – serious dependence and serious vulnerability.

You certainly are aware of the cyber attacks carried out by some countries on other countries by hackers, companies, organizations, intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations. All this is true. We have become much more vulnerable in every area: transportation, aviation, banking, hospitals and security. There is no area in which we are not vulnerable. Because everything is becoming more and more networked, more linked, more computerized, we are much more vulnerable. That is why we have no other option but to begin dealing with this matter in a more methodical and focused manner – although we have begun dealing with it, as have all developed countries. If we have been forced to deal with this, then let us deal with it in a manner that can move us forward, not only to protect our country, but also to help grow our economy and society.

To this end, we have identified three main areas. The first is, of course, security; the second is industry in the business sector; and the third is academia, specifically science.

The combination of these three areas into one triangle, the points of which feed into each other can provide us with a powerful advantage, as has been proven to be the case in the IT and other fields. However, here we have an opportunity to create a process and an effort that can propel Israel upwards.

Let me speak briefly about each of these things. Very briefly about security: the only thing I would say about security, which has both defensive and offensive foundations, is that the ability to reach a balance in this area is more difficult. Today the US military announced that a cyber attack is an attack in the full sense of the word. It is. However, the ability to reach a balance is always dependent on a combination of defense and deterrence. The ability to deter is more difficult because the source of such an attack is more anonymous, and therefore, unlike other forms of warfare, it is very difficult to create deterrence, because it is not clear in real time, or even after time has passed, who the attacker is. The ability to camouflage, the ability to create various targeted attacks, the ability to create a simulated attack all create difficult problems of introducing deterrence, which, in the end, helps create periods of, if not peace, then certainly the absence of war during important periods of human development. This is a problem we will certainly have to address. By the way, not only we, but other governments and you too, in academia, are also thinking about these problems, and even more complex ones. The security issue is complex and it is serious. We constantly want to and think how to defend the central systems in the State of Israel that are vulnerable to attack.

The second issue is industry. I believe that we have a great opportunity in this area. I do not exempt us from the industrial problems that exist now. If there are any representatives of industry here today, I am certain that the first thing you would like to speak about is not cyber related, but rather about the exchange rate. I can understand that, and these are problems that have to be addressed. There are problems – the successes of the past are no guarantee of success in the future, or even success in the present. There are a number of things that need to be dealt with. However, it is clear to me that this field is very promising in terms of economic growth in Israel. There are already a number of companies in Israel that provide defensive services, such as central banks, and other areas. We know this. Some significant companies have developed here, and there is room for further growth. Since the problem is one that concerns all developed economies, ultimately all of them, because all of them will enter the field of computerization – all economies around the world at one level or another. However, as this matter concerns many countries and very large countries, there are large markets at stake. Large markets mean potential for economic growth, and therefore we are interested and want to develop this, which will lead to mutual benefits with our security needs. This model already exists in similar fields.

The third subject is that of academic-scientific development. I take this opportunity to say to the president of the university, “You were right”. In the end, we need a large scientific and technological force, and that depends on higher education. We are not making do with pronouncements; we are implementing it at a practical level. After a decade of neglect, we are investing NIS 7 billion in a multi-year plan to reinvigorate higher education. That is what we are doing. We are also establishing centers of excellence and reversing the brain drain. That phrase always bothers me because we are interested in more than just the brain; we want all the parts of the body attached to those people to return and they are. It is true; we are bringing singularly talented Israelis back from the best universities around the world, from excellent research centers. They are coming here. We have a certain momentary advantage; I am not certain how long it will last. Our economy is leaping ahead, while most economies in the West are lagging behind. We have an opportunity now and we are taking advantage of it, I hope fully, in order to bring the leading minds and people in these fields back to Israel so that they will lead us into a new era.

The academic matter is not limited to higher education, because people need to climb up the ladder to get there, and that begins in elementary and high school. We have recently completed the process of including high schools in an important reform that has already begun in elementary schools. Eventually, the reform will also include kindergarten. I would say that this reform, if I could summarize it in one sentence – representatives of the teachers’ organizations met with me and they explained to me that if we want results in education, they showed me a simple slide, because they know that I like simple slides, clarification and refinement, and there were two words on that slide: on top, ‘input’, then a big arrow, and down below, ‘output’. I told them I could understand what they were saying, but from my vast experience in the army and in politics, including as prime minister, now for the second time, certainly that link exists, but the link that is much more relevant was the opposite. Output dictates input. We are willing to invest and even invest a great deal if we know that this investment will produce results. One can invest billions in education and not receive any output, and by the way, that is what happened in most countries, including Israel. If there is no link to output, the investment will be lost and simply be absorbed in the sand.

Therefore, the fundamental change taking shape right now in the education system is the link between input and output. It tells teachers, “We will promote you professionally, and even reward you financially in accordance with the results of what is happening with your students”. This is a seemingly simple idea, but it is actually fairly revolutionary, and it is true in other fields as well. I don’t want to go into too much detail, but our education system is undergoing a change. For the first time, we have begun to see changes in trends in matriculation exams, as well as the international standardized tests, because we said we wanted results. The result dictates the action. This is a new thing – not new, but actually old.

I don’t believe that the public sphere is exempt from the idea of setting goals, of course not. It certainly is not exempt. Otherwise everything dissolves and soaks in and doesn’t produce anything. Our education system is a fundamental condition for everything we are speaking about, and it is undergoing a very welcome fundamental change, given our willingness to invest resources, but it must also undergo an adjustment in this specific field at all levels – maybe not in kindergartens, but certainly in elementary schools, talented students must be identified. There are children who are talented and usually, they can be found slightly outside of the regular track. These talents must be nurtured from a young age for the national needs I described, and we will do this too. We will start to introduce regular courses and add them until we reach the highest national level.

The triangle of security, industry and education obligates us to carry out a list of things. The first thing it obligates us to do, and this is not a simple step, is to begin making a concentrated, national effort. I once worked at a consulting firm that provided strategic advice to companies and someone mentioned that since some of these companies have incomes that are larger than the GDP’s of small- or medium-sized countries, a business strategy for countries must be formulated. I was a very young man then and it seemed strange to me, but nevertheless I joined the project and became convinced that it was not a good idea – market forces do it much better. I deviate from this belief in three areas, despite the fact that, in general, our attempts to circumvent the market and dictate what the important fields of the future will be and where we will make targeted investments are not so successful.

Nevertheless, I definitely and consciously deviate from this in three areas: the first is finding an alternative to petroleum with regard to transportation. This is critical for us and for our national security, and can change the world, not only in terms of environmental protection, but it must be perfectly clear to you what the significance of this change will be. We are making a 10-year investment in this project and trying to join up with other, leading countries in this effort. If we can develop a different technology that will eliminate our need for petroleum for transportation, and that is the primary use of petroleum – 70% of usage worldwide – Israel will help introduce global change that is incredibly important for us.

The second field is agriculture, and our ability to influence on feeding the world’s population, which is ever increasing. We have a unique ability, which I believe is not fully utilized, and we are ready to make investments here as well. We see here, again, the combination of business, academia and government.

The third field is this field, cyber. The cyber field, which is still not defined and somewhat abstract, is an essential field not only in terms of security, but also the economy and society. This is a central field that I believe deserves national attention. What does that mean, national attention? Last year, I asked my Military Secretary, Yohanan Locker, to coordinate this subject. He recommended that I speak with Itzik Ben Israel, whom I have known for many years, and whose work I am familiar with. We formed a task force, and some of the team leaders are here tonight, and I would like thank them all, including those who are not here. They did a very thorough and detailed job. I can’t go into too much detail, but they covered a dozen fundamental areas that need to be dealt with, and about which strategies must be formulated, first within Israel. Later on, of course, we will need to coordinate with overseas, and leading governments in the world have shown great interest in doing so. I can tell you that in all my recent contacts with world leaders, they have expressed a strong desire to cooperate with Israel. Of course, as every other government does, we need to examine the level of cooperation, how it should and should not be conducted.

We have begun moving ahead with a list of recommendations that have already been approved by the government, which require investment. During the first stage, we are talking about an investment of NIS 400 million in the next few years. It is clear to you that if there is greater output, there will be a larger investment and we will do so. The initial investment is simply a starting point, not because of budget restraints, but rather because we want to see where we’re putting our money and for what. The money is not a serious problem because there are other sources of funding, like the private market and others.

We will need to ease certain conditions for industry. We will need to help in the tension between maintaining the uniqueness of information and the possibility of exporting goods and services. We understand that we will not grow into or become a significant global player if we do not ease conditions in the field of exportation, and this is what we are attending to. There will be criticism, as there is today, but we will allow for the opening of this industry to exportation. This, of course, necessitates some kind of policy, daily inspection, but a policy that says: we are in favor of growth and the growth of this industry and these companies in Israel.

We will also have to address business-related legislation in Israel. This is a matter for the Ministry of Justice, alongside input from other ministries that will have to weigh in. We will also direct the Ministry of Education in a very effective manner in order to advance the labor force that this field will require in the years to come, both in security and in the industrial and private sectors.

These are some of the things we are doing. I believe we will change things very rapidly, by acting, but there will be an ordered framework that brings together the three legs of this triangle: government, primarily security but not exclusively; industry and the private sector; and academia. I believe this triangle is very strong and that Israel has clear advantages in this regard. We will continue moving ahead, and perhaps more importantly – move quickly. We do not have the privilege of sitting and contemplating. There is a need to do all this, but we do not have the privilege of doing it slowly.

We are playing chess on a board comprised of nations. In our case we need to play speed chess. This is what we will be tested on, and already are being tested on to a large extent. We have identified niches and are moving on them quickly – and this is what makes us unique. The State of Israel, with all its abilities, potential and sparks of genius – and I think some of those geniuses are here tonight – is a country that can become a cyber power, one of the five leading nations in the world, not at the bottom of the list, in the coming years. This is our goal, and I am convinced that we will, with your help, accomplish it.

Thank you.