Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart231011



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today :

"Good morning.

Last week, we brought Gilad Shalit, alive and well, back to the State of Israel. I would like to thank you all for your part in the decision that we made. These were an exceptional two weeks of national unity, and now we are continuing to deal energetically with the many challenges that we took upon ourselves when this Government was established two-and-a-half years ago.

The Government is leading several major revolutions, the positive results of which we are already seeing in schools and in higher education, including universities. Today, we will add Jerusalem to the plan to encourage higher education studies among discharged soldiers, in continuation of what we did for the periphery.

The second revolution is in transportation infrastructures, in building expressways, interchanges and railways to the Galilee and the Negev, and in the center. I am certain that Israelis who traveled around the country during the recent holidays were suitably impressed by – and enjoyed – these projects, including

the new Hamovil interchange

. What used to be the Galilee bottleneck has now opened up the north. There is also

Highway #431

, from Modi'in to the

Ayalon Highway

, as well as other expressways and interchanges that are truly changing the face of the country.

Of course, there is the socio-economic revolution.

Two weeks ago, we approved the general framework of the Trajtenberg report

, and in the coming weeks we will approve – both here in the Cabinet and in the Knesset – detailed decisions on lowering the cost of living, including the goods and services paid for by Israeli citizens. The actions that we will take and the decisions that we will take will lower the costs of education for very young children, will lower purchase taxes and will make housing more available. I am convinced that a considerable portion of the Cabinet's agenda in the coming weeks and months will be devoted to these issues.

Today we will also hear about progress in two additional important initiatives that the Government is promoting – environmental protection, and there are many developments, and the war on crime, in which there have been many achievements. We will continue to advance initiatives in all these areas which impact Israelis' daily lives and the life of the country as a whole.

Then we are getting back to work.

Thank you."