Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechharav310511



Translation

There is a habit at Government meetings. I don’t know if I should call it a dirty habit, but it is strange. The ministers browse. There is a lot of material which they need to read. They read telegrams, reports, news articles. But there is one minister who doesn’t shuffle papers – he flips through pages, one at a time, because he is reading a book. And the book he is reading is the Bible. The minister in question is the Minister of Justice, Yaakov Neeman. Now, the holy should not be mixed with the secular, but for him, public works and public service is holy work, and for him, there are only two books – the Bible and the Talmud – that he reads.

Occasionally he also shares with the government and me some new insight that he had. So I am happy to be here with him and with other scholars and great rabbis. The Chief Rabbi of Israel, Rabbi Metzger; former Chief Rabbi of Israel and the Rabbi of Tel Aviv-Yafo, Rabbi Lau; Mayor of Jerusalem – you too will become a scholar if you come to yeshivas often enough– Nir Barkat; head of the Yeshiva, Rabbi Yaakov Shapira. I just heard “Od Avinu Chai” [Our Father Still Lives] – well, your father still lives. He is alive. I remember the great and esteemed rabbi, Rabbi Shapira. He lives here in your spirits, in the spirits of the rabbis of the cities who are here – some of the greatest city rabbis and yeshiva heads in Israel; but above all, he lives in the spirits of the students and alumni of the Mercaz Harav Yeshiva.

I was abroad and I received your blessings, your support and your joy. You sought to strengthen me and you did, because during that week, one verse echoed in my heart: “Be strong, be strong and we will all be strengthened.” We will strengthen each other. We need this mutual strengthening every day. We are in a great struggle, but we also have impressive achievements. Forty-four years ago, IDF soldiers realized the vision of prophets with their bodies, and they returned Jerusalem to its rightful place. We all remember the descriptions of Jerusalem in the Book of Lamentations, the book of destruction – difficult and painful descriptions. “All that pass by clap their hands at thee; they hiss and wag their heads at the daughter of Jerusalem, saying, Is this the city that men call the perfection of beauty, the joy of the whole earth?”

My friends, nearly 2,000 years have passed since the destruction, and today Jerusalem is a perfect beauty, a joy for all the country. We returned to Jerusalem as sons returning home. We returned to Jerusalem as builders. And today Jerusalem is in one of its brightest periods. It is a flourishing and prosperous city. Mr. Mayor, I have several suggestions for additions, improvements.

I am a Jerusalemite. We need to continue the activity, continue building, continue developing. You can all see it: Jerusalemites walk with confidence and pride. And as during ancient times, Jerusalem has become the shining capital of the Jewish people. There is no other people on earth that succeeded in reestablishing its capital after so many years.

I mentioned last year – we meet every year at around this time – and last year I commented on the fact that the city of Jerusalem was mentioned in the Bible hundreds of times. As opposed to… you know? As opposed to you know what. Today, I would like to speak about the earthly connection between the people and Jerusalem. When I say the earthly connection, I mean to the land, the dirt. In fact, I mean the depths of the earth, because at times this connection is hidden belowground, but it is slowly being uncovered.

This week, to mark Jerusalem Day, I conducted the Government meeting at the Tower of David. It was very moving, and I thank you, Mr. Mayor, for your hospitality and for the program to strengthen Jerusalem that you told us about. However, I took the opportunity to visit the site. Before the Government meeting, I went down to the basement where there is a wonderful model of Jerusalem built during the middle of the 19th century, a model of what the city was like then. In the mid-19th century, there was already a Jewish Quarter again in Jerusalem, 160 years ago.

In the model, one can see the city and the Hurva Synagogue, before it was destroyed and when it had a different name. You can see a magnificent synagogue standing there, and then another. You can see the Jewish Quarter. And we know that people tried to change the city’s appearance and they uprooted us from there. But we came back. We came back and built things anew. The synagogue now stands as perfect as it was at its peak.

After the Government meeting, I asked to take a tour around the citadel to the actual Tower of David. Many people mistakenly believe that the citadel and the tower were built by King David. The historic truth is, of course, different. However, that place does have a strong connection to the most dramatic chapters in our people’s history. In the citadel, I was exposed to archaeological evidence, not just from the Second Temple period, but also from the First Temple period. For the first time, I saw new findings uncovered in the moat that surrounds the citadel. It will soon open to the public. We will provide funding so that they can accelerate this process. Among the finds uncovered is a mikva and a large staircase that leads down to a magnificent pool. The signs point to it apparently being Herod’s palace.

As you know, Herod loved swimming pools. But that’s not what is exciting. The thing that is truly exciting is that among the ruins of the wall dating to the Hashmonean period, right next to them, where they are exposed, one can see stones used in ballistae. I asked what the stones were, and they explained to me that the stones were launched by the Seleucids during their war with the Hasmoneans. In other words, here is living proof of the fight that eventually liberated Jerusalem and purified the Temple. The Rabbi said several minutes ago that the stones surrounding us have a soul. Here are stones that tell the story of our people. The history of the people of Israel can be found in these stones.

For all its length and breadth, Jerusalem is filled with archaeological sites from different periods, each of which expose the deep connection between the Jewish people and its capital, Jerusalem, which has been reunified and will never be divided again!

I know you feel this connection deep in your hearts. It reflects your very existence and your calling. There is nothing more precious to you than the Torah of Israel, the people of Israel and the Land of Israel, and at its heart, the capital of Israel, Jerusalem. I see your role as students in this accomplished yeshiva as a double role. On the one hand, to learn Torah and become great, and on the other hand – and no less important – to teach Torah and enrich the people among whom you live, our people. If I may use my own words, I see you as a Torah commando unit.

Some of you were or will be in other commando units, but you are the Torah commando unit. And like the role of military commando units which lead the charge, you too lead the charge to light the path. However, if I can give you some advice, from my own simple, personal experience: always maintain contact – eye contact – with home base. Because a spearhead without a camp behind it becomes a wanderer in the desert. If it remains connected to camp, it is the spearhead of a great force. And all of you – rabbis, students and pupils – you safeguard and I am sure you will continue to safeguard the connection with the people of Israel, with the large camp. Only by safeguarding the unity of the people can we safeguard its wholeness.

Jerusalem can continue to develop only if the people of Israel continue to develop, and the people of Israel will continue to develop only with unity: spiritual unity, ideological unity, practical unity. There is tremendous power in unity, a power that concentrates most of the people’s strength around those things that matter to us, are dear to us, are holy to us, and there is nothing more holy that Jerusalem. We will safeguard Jerusalem, we will safeguard its unity, we will build, we will nurture it. We will safeguard Jerusalem, and it will safeguard us. I not only reciprocate your wishes for a happy holiday, but one for a happy holiday and next year in the even-more built-up Jerusalem.

Thank you. Happy holiday.