Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokemanu080811

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today in his office, met with Prof. Manuel Trajtenberg and received from him the composition of his team for socio-economic change. The team will begin its discussions – some of which will be in roundtable format with protest representatives – this week. The team will submit its conclusions to the Social and Economic Cabinet next month.

Following are the members of the team:1. Prof. Manuel Trajtenberg (Chairman);2. Eyal Gabai, Prime Minister's Office Director-General;3. Prof. Eugene Kandel, Head of the Prime Minister's Office National Economic Council and senior economist;4. Gal Hershkowitz, Finance Ministry Budget Director;5. Dr. Avi Simhon, Chairman of the Finance Minister's Economics Advisory Committee and senior economist;6. Michal Abadi-Boiangiu, Finance Ministry Accountant General;7. Shahar Cohen, social entrepreneur, member of the NOVA (Management and Academia for the Community) board & its Academic Director. Also serves as Director of Strategic Planning at Indigo;8. Esther Dominissini, National Insurance Institute Director General;9. Dr. Karnit Flug, Deputy Governor of the Bank of Israel;10. Dr. Shlomi Frizet, Chief Economist at the Israel Antitrust Authority;11. Dr. Yoram Gabbay, economist, Chairman of Capital Market Activists & Deputy Chairman of the Hebrew University Maurice Falk Institute for Economic Research in Israel;12. Prof. Pnina Klein;13. Dr. Tali Regev 14. Prof. Rafi Melnick.

It was agreed that the following would take part in the work of the professional teams:

1. Sharon Kedmi, Industry, Trade and Labor Ministry Director General;2. Gidi Grinstein;3. Yehuda Nasardishi, Finance Ministry Tax Authority Director;4. Gadi Frank, Deputy Director General for Planning and Policy for the Higher Education Council's Planning and Budget Committee;5. Dr. Smitri Romanov, Central Bureau of Statistics Chief Scientist;6. Dror Strum, former Director of the Israel Antitrust Authority;7. Iman Seif, Director of the Prime Minister's Office Minority Sector Economic Development Authority, and8. Dr. Yochanan Strassman, Director of Hadassah-Mt. Scopus Hospital Unit for Rehabilitation and Geriatrics, former National Insurance Institute Director General.

Additional experts will be added according to need.

Prof. Trajtenberg told Prime Minister Netanyahu that, "This is a team of people who bring with them professional expertise, social sensitivity, public experience and youth, and who can understand the current public mood."

Prime Minister Netanyahu commended Prof. Trajtenberg for his quick progress: "In the deep conversations that we had, you asked me if I, as Prime Minister, was prepared to change our list of priorities in order to ease the burden on Israelis and I told you that I was. I am going to give you the tools to do this. In the team that you are bringing is a combination of youth and expertise spanning various sectors in Israeli society. You are going to open a series of roundtables with the public in order to hear as much as possible and, in the coming month, to submit conclusions that will be presented to the Social and Economic Cabinet. This is a very great mission and I know that you will carry it out with all due seriousness and creativity, the same creativity and leadership that you showed when you brought about the major change that saved higher education in Israel. I am certain that under your leadership, with this team, you will hear the public, receive its insights and submit conclusions that could change the face of Israeli society."
