Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokekishon150211



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today (Tuesday), 15.2.11, in cooperation with Environmental Protection Minister Gilad Erdan, dedicated the

Kishon River Park

. According to the Park plan, the Park will become the "green lung" of the surrounding metropolitan area and an expansive recreational center. The Park will spread over approximately 600 dunams and be accessible by vehicles, bicycles and pedestrians.

The first stage in the development of the Park is the rehabilitation of the river belt, which is due to begin this summer and will include excavating and cleaning the polluted Kishon, at a projected cost of approximately NIS 200 million.

The lakes in the Park will serve for water sports. Sports facilities and commercial enterprises that jibe with the character of the Park will be developed. The Park will include walking, running and bicycle paths along the river belt. A public amphitheater will be built. Extensive spaces will be allocated to tourist-oriented scenic agriculture including a nursery, fruit orchards and a produce market.

The goal of the rehabilitation of the river is to improve the quality of life of the Greater Haifa metropolitan area and change the face of the area. Rehabilitation the Kishon will correct a continuing environmental outrage and improve the quality of life in Haifa and its northern suburbs. In recent years,

the Kishon River has undergone an extensive rehabilitation process

, in keeping with the long-range master plan that was adopted by the Government in 2001. Since then, there has been a significant decline in the channeling of wastes into the River. There has also been a considerable improvement in quality of the water flowing in the Kishon, which has led to a return of wildlife to the area.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said that, "The ability to leave the city for open spaces is what maintains quality of life. City residents, families, young people and children must have their 'green lungs.' We will invest hundreds of millions in cleaning the muck from the Kishon River and in rehabilitating it. In practice, we are establishing three parks, one here in the north, the Kishon River Park; one in the center, Ariel Sharon Park; and one in the heart of Be'er Sheva. These parks are designed for their respective metropolitan areas in order to provide quality of life for families."

Environmental Protection Minister Erdan said that, "Today, ten years after the Government decided to clean the Kishon of the poisons that were preventing the public from returning to, and enjoying, it, we are starting to clean the river and the project will be completed within the next two years. My ministry ascribes a very high value to the Kishon and its environs. Many challenges yet await us but we will deal with them all. We will rehabilitate the river, we will bring back the public. The gigantic park will be the 'green lungs' for the residents of the north, a green area, replete with life and flowing water.