Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechtaglit060111



Yossi Beilin had an idea many years ago. He had an idea that we should bring young Jews from around the world - many young Jews to Israel. It’s not so simple because, you see, somebody has to pay for it. And then, this crazy idea that Yossi Beilin had, met up with crazy Jews, good Jews from the United States who had the same crazy idea.

And they’re with us tonight: Michael and Judy Steinhardt and Lynn Shusterman, who are joined by others and as a result we have here – you!

We see you here today: from Argentina; from Brazil; from Chile; From Poland; From Russia; From the United Kingdom, From the United States, and from Venezuela. It’s good to see all of you here today. It’s good to see you all in Jerusalem, in Yerushalayim.

Taglit-Birthright, passed this year an unbelievable milestone, more than one quarter of a million people have now come to Israel under Birthright. There are a lot of people who can take pride in this success. First, the visionaries, those who conceived of the idea, those who pushed it forward, those who funded it, whose who raised the funds for it, all those that made this trip an unforgettable experience, and of course all of you. You should take pride in Birthright. And I tell you, I take pride. I take pride in having been the first Israeli Prime Minister to help fund Birthright.

Now, I don’t know if you understand how odd that is. See, over many years of the life of the Jewish State, Israel was receiving funds from the Jewish people. And here, came the idea that Israel would be giving funds to the Jewish people to get young Jews to come to Israel. So, I’m very proud to have been the first one of our prime ministers - there were others as well, to adopt this idea.

And I’m very proud to announce that this year my government will give more than double its investment in Birthright and over the next few years we’ll invest close to one hundred million dollars in Birthright.

Now along with the contributions, our philanthropists, our Birthright’s many supporters, this investment of the government, can increase the number of Birthright participants each year to 50,000. Now that’s a very impressive number. 50,000 youngsters like you, 50,000 from around the world, around the Jewish world, coming to Israel – that’s a powerful link in our chain. But I don’t want to stop there. I want to set along with my colleagues here, I want to set a more ambitious goal and I know that Michael and Lynn and others share it, and our goal should be that every young Jew who wants to come to Israel, will be able to come to Israel. This is our goal. Now I don’t deny that I want many of you to consider staying in Israel and this a good way to get many of you to consider this and many of you have. Good for you.

What I want to do is to have young Jews from everywhere, who want to come to Israel, come to Israel because I think this can dramatically help us strengthen Jewish identity and strengthening Jewish identity is critical for our common future. For 2,000 years our people were not a sovereign people. Without sovereignty we lack the single most important element for self-preservation – that is the ability to defend ourselves. Without sovereignty, we lacked self-defense. And without sovereignty and without the power of self-defense, our numbers remained small.

You know we were around seven million people at the time of the Roman Empire. We constituted more that 10% of the population of the Roman Empire. You know how many Jews there should be in the world today if you project? About one billion. The world will never be able to manage one billion Jews. No, we would have been several hundred million. But we number 12 million. And if you look at other ancient peoples like, well, many of them disappeared. But those that survived like the Chinese or the Indians, there are a little more than 12 million Chinese and Indians in the world.

So our numbers did not grow because we lacked sovereignty, we lacked an India, we lacked a China. We were strewn all over the world, and for 2,000 years we have been striving to get back to our ancestral homeland and rebuild our sovereignty and connect with our fellow Jews worldwide. So we Jews were small in size, but we were armed with a strong identity, and somehow, through this strong identity, we weathered the storms of history, the storms of our history, and then 62 years ago, a remarkable thing happened. It was the remarkable national rebirth in which we restored our sovereignty, in which we transformed our destiny.

So I believe that a strong Jewish national identity and a strong Jewish international identity is vital for our national rebirth. And I think it won’t be any less vital to secure our future. See, we have to remember that Israel is not merely a 62 year-old miracle. It’s a 62 year-old miracle that is resting on the shoulders of a history of 4,000 years – that’s how long ago our ancestors, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, were roaming these lands – 3,800 years ago. That’s pretty ancient.

So we have an old history, and a young history, and its important to me that in the course of your travels here, that you acquaint yourself with this because you only know where you’re going if you know where you came from. And our goal on this trip and on the future trips of Birthright, is not simply to learn about Israel. Our goal is that in these trips, you have an opportunity to deepen your connection to the story or our people, and when you come to Israel you become part of that story. You become a partner in the rebirth of the people in its land.

I think it’s important that not only young Jews outside Israel understand this connection, I think it’s important that young Jews in Israel, that Israelis understand this connection. So we’ve adopted a program that is called Heritage, and we’re investing $100,000,000. That’s another $100,000,000 – you need a very strong economy to do all this, but we have one – very strong – and we’re taking another $100,000,000 and we’re reclaiming, rebuilding, bringing to life places from the Bible - archeological sites; places from our modern Zionist history- like the place in which the State of Israel was declared. It’s a small building in Tel Aviv. You should all go there. That is where David Ben-Gurion stood over sixty years ago and talked about the rebirth of the Jewish State. I would like you all to be able to go visit these places. I would like every Israeli youngster to do the same, and I think it’s critical because we need to be armed with this information, because people are saying we’re strange interlopers in this land, that we don’t have a connection to this land. That we’re foreigners, we’re colonialists, we’re Crusaders – we who have a history of close to four thousand years in this land, they say, we don’t belong here. We say, we belong here, we’ve always been here, we’ll always be here.

So when you come to Israel, you can see the truth with your own eyes. You can go to the Kotel, touch those stones. They were put here 2,000 years ago, but they stand on the place that that Temple that was built a thousand years earlier. And we still have a thousand years before that in which we were here. So you can be armed with the truth – the truth about our past, the truth about our present. And when you’re armed with that truth, you can expose the hypocrisy of those who seek to undermine Israel’s legitimacy.

Now, you can easily recognize this hypocrisy. You see it around those who say that Israel is guilty until proven guilty. It’s those people who hold Israel to what I call, not a double standard, but a triple standard. You see there’s one standard for the dictatorships. Then there’s another standard, a second standard for the democracies. Then there’s a third standard for the tiny democracy called Israel. That’s hypocrisy.

And we saw this hypocrisy at work in the 2001 Durban Conference – supposedly a conference against racism in which the enemies of Israel abused the language of human rights to spew hatred and anti-Semitism. We saw this in the Goldstone Report, when international law was twisted to accuse Israel of war crimes for defending itself against those who perpetrated war crimes against themselves. And we saw it recently in the Marmara Flotilla when so-called peace activists were caught on tape brutally assaulting our soldiers with knives and clubs and axes.

So, my friends, you have all met Israeli soldiers. I understand that that’s part of the program, right? Maybe you have some of them here with you today. Now, these young men and women, they stand on Israel’s front lines and when you return to your campuses, and to your communities, you too, will be standing on the front lines. You’ll be standing on the front lines for the battle of truth for Israel’s legitimacy.

And when you expose this hypocrisy, when you puncture the lies, you’re performing a tremendously important service for the Jewish State and the Jewish people. Each of you, when you leave here can become an ambassador for the truth. And all you need to do – you don’t need to go into deep lectures, all you need to do is share your personal experiences. Tell them the real country that you saw here. Tell them about the real Israel. You can tell them the truth about Israel’s vibrant democracy. Did you try to have three Israelis agreeing on anything? No? How about two? Get one to agree with himself. That’s a major achievement. But we have the ability to express our opinions.

Tell them about how everybody can speak their minds, can read what they want, can say what they want, including about the government, including about the prime minister. This is a free country. You don’t have many free countries around. That’s an understatement now. This is a free country. Tell them how we respect human rights, how we respect women’s rights, how we respect gay rights, we respect people. We’re a free, democratic, humane, liberal society.

Tell them the truth about our Arab citizens who have equal rights under the law and they serve in the Knesset. They serve in the government too.

And tell the truth about Israel’s never-ending quest for peace because if you’ve been in war, anybody who’s been in war, anybody’s who’s been in battle, anybody’s who’s seen his friends and loved ones die in battle, you want peace. Our people pray for peace, yearn for peace, dream for peace – tell them about that.

But everything that I ask you to tell them, I want you to tell this to them in a language they’ll understand. Now, I don’t mean, English, or Russian, or Spanish, or Portuguese – that’s for you. Did I leave anything out? Canada is English I think. Well, it’s a kind of English. Now I don’t mean all these languages. And I don’t just mean the language of truth. I mean, you speak Twitter; you speak Facebook; you speak YouTube, so you have a skill that I just demonstrated that no politician has. If you speak Twitter, you speak the ability what you want to say in 140 characters or less. That’s a tremendous skill. Use it. Tell the truth. That’s what I ask of you.

You’ve come to Israel for a wonderful visit, but now we need you. We need your energy, and you have a lot of energy. We need your commitment, we need your passion, we need you to stand up for Israel. We need you to stand up for the Jewish people , we need you to stand up for the Truth and looking at you, I know you’ll meet this challenge.

Thank you. Welcome once again to Jerusalem.