Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechramatkal130211



We thank and congratulate the Chief of Staff, Lieutenant General Gabi Ashkenazi as he completes his tenure today, and welcome the incoming Chief of Staff, Benny Gantz.

Gabi, we are grateful to you. We thank you for your thorough and professional work. You greatly improved the IDF's feeling of confidence. You increased training, the feeling of winning at battle, the emphasis on implementation and results. You contributed to strengthening the confidence in the IDF in the regional consciousness.

The IDF, with all its impressive technological capabilities – and they are indeed impressive – is first and foremost a fighting force, comprising fighters, soldiers, and soldiering that is based on training discipline. This is true for all armies in history and more so for the IDF, the Israel Defense Force.

I have spent many hours with you, Gabi – many work meetings, meetings in which many operations were decided on, only some of which are known.

At these meetings you would provide me with your evaluations. I would ask you towards the end of each meeting what your opinion was and what your recommendation was. And you gave me your recommendations and your opinion and stuck to it.

I'll let you in on a secret: Gabi has a method. He'll say: "Look, I'm just a simple soldier from Golani," and then you know what's coming. He gives a systematic rundown on Golani, the paratroopers, navy, air force, intelligence, the armored corps and artillery, and then he goes back to Golani. This analysis is organized, extensive and clear. There is a lot of wisdom in Golani.

I went on many tours in the field with you and I thoroughly enjoyed them, Gabi. I saw how you love the earth, the stones, the wind and the sun. I saw how you thrive in the north. You are a soldier, a fighter, and it is obvious. You are at your best in the field. And you have a special sympathy for simple, non-commissioned soldiers.

I remember that on the eve of my visit to Canada, we were at an exercise at a base in the north, Elyakim. The soldiers were doing the maneuvers, and there was a lot of shooting and dust. At the end of the drill, a group of soldiers came out from under a camouflage net and we stood there talking to them. I asked each of them where they were from, and one of the soldiers said he was from Canada, that he's a "lone soldier" and that his family is from Canada.

Avi Benayahu immediately whispered: "Why don't you take him with you to Canada." I thought that was a good idea, so I told the soldier he had hit the jackpot. Gabi quickly stepped in and asked him where he lived, and his answer was that he lived on a kibbutz. He asked if he had a girlfriend in Israel, and his answer was yes. So Gabi said: "It's OK. If he has a girlfriend in Israel, he'll definitely come back." So he went to Canada, and he came back.

As Chief of Staff, Gabi continued to be a soldier and to care for the soldiers. But he was also concerned about building up the force, strengthening the IDF, equipping it, making us strong enough for any challenge, any trouble we might encounter. We are confronted with many challenges – the earth is moving all the way from Pakistan to Gibraltar, it is ridden with turbulence, and only time will tell where this will all lead.

We hope for the best and we aim for the best – to maintain the existing circle of peace and expand it. I have embraced what the Egyptian army has said: that any Egyptian government will honor the peace agreement with Israel. This is important because this peace has given us and Egypt so much. It is the pillar of peace and stability for the entire Middle East.

We know that we cannot yet see the end of the turmoil, but we know that whatever the challenges may be, we can overcome them thanks to people and commanders like you Gabi, and the important work you've done over the last four years.

Therefore, on behalf of the Government of Israel and the people of Israel, I thank you, Gabi. I thank you for your many years of service as a soldier and as a commander in the IDF. I thank you for the period of time that you stood at the head of the army and improved its capabilities, and I thank you for all you have done to reinforce the security of Israel.

Thank you Gabi.

I also congratulate the incoming Chief of Staff, Benny Gantz, Lieutenant General as of tomorrow.

I wish you Benny, and all of us, success in this difficult task and the heavy responsibility you will carry on your shoulders starting tomorrow. You have held most of the operational staff and command positions. Your experience is an asset to this country.

Like Gabi, your personal story is also the story of our life. Benny, you are a second generation Holocaust survivor. Your mother, Malka, who recently passed away, was a prisoner at the Bergen-Belsen death camp. She barely survived. On the day she was liberated from the camp she weighed 28 kilos. I'm sure that her dreams then were about a slice of bread. I'm quite certain that she never dreamed that 66 years later, her son would be Chief of Staff of the Israel Defense Force, the army of the State of Israel, the Jewish State.

But this will happen tomorrow. It is not a dream; it is our reality. In every generation they rise against us to destroy us; and the Holy One, blessed be he, saves us from their hand. But in the last 63 years he saved us from their hand because in our own hands we hold a sword, and this sword is both security and an olive branch, and tomorrow, Benny, Gabi will pass on this sword to you for safekeeping.

I thank you Gabi, and wish you much success Benny.

Blessed shall you be in your goings, Gabi, and blessed shall you be in your comings, Benny.