Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventcof140211

David Ben-Gurion's statement is engraved on the menorah that I just presented to you: "Each soldier must in certain situations act as if the fate of the entire battle depends on him".

Gabi, thank you for everything you have done to secure the fate of the battle. You acted to strengthen the IDF, to highlight the professionalism, the perfectionism, the training routine, the urgency of training, the equipment – each and every one of the foundations of our strength that will serve us in the moment of truth or help us avoid the need to use it.

You acted first and foremost as a soldier. You were always a soldier. Yesterday I described how we would go to the field and I would see that soldiering spirit that is so deeply rooted in you, your love for the field, your concern for the simple soldier, who is never really simple. Each soldier is special in his own right.

You were a soldier, an officer, a commander, and I want to thank you personally and on behalf of the State and people of Israel for all your efforts to fortify the strength of the people of Israel and that of the IDF.

Thank you, Gabi.

Benny, today you are taking over the command of the IDF. You have all that it takes to succeed in this important mission. You held a wide variety of command and staff positions. You know the IDF very well and it knows you. It is important these days, and you will undoubtedly find your own special way – a way that combines quiet determination, calm and pleasantness – to ensure continuity and stability. Stability is particularly important today because we are living in an era of instability. An earthquake is taking place all across the Arab world and in major parts of the Muslim world. We still don’t know how it will end. It never ends. History is dynamic and it keeps moving forward.

Here in the State of Israel, we broke all the rules of history and succeeded in rebuilding our nation and our land. However, we live in a tiny land and our security problems result, first and foremost, from the small size of our country and the unique nature of the environment in which we live, which is now changing.

We hope for the best. We hope to expand the circle of peace and to fortify and expand the existing peace, but we also continue to prepare for all other options. We know that ultimately we rely on the IDF for our ability to ensure our existence here and convince our neighbors to live in peace with us. The IDF is the true guarantor of our future.

Over the past few days, with the exchange of the chiefs of staff, we have been discussing at length the importance of the IDF. I recall what my brother Yoni, of blessed memory, wrote 42 years ago to my parents, several years before leading his soldiers in the rescue of the Entebbe hostages: "The IDF is the only thing that stands in the way of a slaughter of our people, as in times past". This was 42 years ago. Those who seek our destruction are still here, but so are we. And we are strong because the IDF is strong. No one understands this connection better than you, Benny.

Yesterday I told the life story of your family, which is the life story of our people. Your mother Malka, of blessed memory, was a prisoner at Bergen-Belzen and on the day of her release from the death camp, she weighed 28 kilos. I am convinced that she dreamt about one thing – a slice of bread, the very basic, simple necessities. She could not have dreamed that 66 years later, her son, who would be born in the free state of the people of Israel, would be the IDF Chief of Staff of the Jewish state.

She may not have dreamt about it, but the dream is coming true right before our eyes, and this is the reality of our life. It is also the great decree that now rests on your shoulders, Benny. And I know, because of your familiarity with our people's heritage, our people's history and the unique experiences of our generation, our parents' generation and your own family, that this decree will guide you in your actions.

Benny, safeguard the IDF, safeguard the soldiers, and they will safeguard us.

Thank you, Gabi. Good luck, Benny.
