Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmabal131211

TranslationSecurity demands great effort, intelligence and many other resources, but first and foremost, it demands the obligation of the mind and the heart, and you have that in abundance. I with to thank you on behalf of the State of Israel, and I am very pleased to be here with you at the annual conference of the alumni organization of the National Defense College. The subject of this conference is the security fence, but before I discuss that topic, I would like to refer to the serious incidents that took place over the past 24 hours.

The attack against IDF soldiers and officers by citizens of Israel is a game changer. I intend to fight this trend strenuously and with all the force at my disposal as Prime Minister of Israel. We will remove the lawbreakers from the area; we will form joint investigative teams comprised of the IDF, the Israel Security Agency and the Israel Police, and we will put an end to this appalling phenomenon.

Today I held a meeting with the participation of the Chief of General Staff, the Head of the ISA and the Chief of Police. I asked the Minister of Defense, the Minister of Internal Security and the Minister of Justice to submit within the week a plan to deal with this scourge with a firm hand. I believe that bad things must be stopped while they are still small. This thing is small, and we will stop it now. We will not allow anyone to raise their hand against an IDF soldier. We will not allow anyone to raise their hand against police officers in the Israel Police. These people keep us all safe and we will keep them safe.

I say that this thing is small because these lawbreakers do not represent the general population in the State of Israel, nor do they represent all or most or even a small portion of the residents of Judea and Samaria. What we must do now is unite our forces and remain united in order to uphold the law and preserve our democracy, and we will do so.

I am now going to do something out of the norm for a public official – I am going to talk about the thing I was asked to talk about. I received instructions to talk about the security fence, and I am going to do that. I will open with a saying: “Good fences make good neighbors”. Not everyone agrees with this. Some people say: well, if we have peaceful relations, good neighborly relations, they make the fence obsolete.

I am not confident that reciprocal relations cannot be reversed. In many neighborhoods and peaceful towns there are fences and this does not detract from neighborliness. Rather, it helps even more so if there is someone trying to sabotage (in the sense of causing damage or terrorism) the peaceful relations, and such people do exist. This argument is not new. We had the same argument a decade ago with regard to the separation fence. I think that today we all know that erecting this fence, even if it is not hermetically sealed, contributes a great deal to the security of Israel and to stability. Of course this topic came up again after the disengagement from Gaza.

People started talking about erecting a fence in 2005 or 2006, inter alia to prevent the circuitous path you are familiar with from Gaza through the Sinai into the State of Israel. People spoke but nothing was done, and people were still talking when I formed my government in 2009. I felt that there was a need to move forward with the fence for two reasons: one, for ongoing security needs; and two, even then, we saw that a problem was developing in the Sinai.

By the way, I expect any government formed in Egypt to maintain the peace and maintain security in the Sinai as well; nevertheless, we must do what we can on our side by erecting that same fence. However, back then, another problem began to develop, although its dimensions were much smaller, approximately an order of magnitude less than its current dimensions – that of infiltrators.

Then there were only hundreds of illegal work infiltrators per month; today it is already several thousand. I thought that this must be stopped then. I thought, with foresight, that we could expect that the strong economic development of the State of Israel and the lack of similar development in African countries, or at least the African countries relevant to this discussion – that gap would create a very powerful magnet for illegal migration of work infiltrators because Israel, as I said then, was the only country, the only developed economy that one can walk to from Africa.

There are other economies, but usually the sea is in the way. However, one can just walk to Israel. Moreover, we ran the economy in a much more responsible manner, and therefore did not experience the shocks and blows that the economies of Europe experienced. Therefore, there was another need for ongoing security: to stop the waves of infiltrators by erecting a physical obstacle, and an argument developed in this sphere as well – it will not help, it will not stop anyone.

Let me tell you as the alumni of a certain unit: I remember serving in that same unit, and on either the first or the second day there, they told us very clearly that there is no fence that does not have a hole in it. I am telling you from personal experience, from the offensive side, it is true. You can dig under it, climb over it, go through it; there is no fence that does not have a hole in it. It is true. However, there is a huge difference between having to go through a fence or other physical obstacle and not having to go though a fence. Certainly there is a huge difference when we are talking about a human flood.

This flood through the Sinai is growing, and we saw in it in the past in Eilat; we see it now in Tel Aviv; we see it all across the country and it is a real threat. It is a real threat to society, to the economy and to the future of the State of Israel as a country with a solid Jewish majority, to the Jewish and democratic state, and therefore we made the decision in January of 2010 to erect the fence. This needed a large investment of NIS 1.3 billion, which we allocated.

We decided to erect the fence and we discovered that the pace was not fast enough, so with the full agreement of the IDF, the Chief of General Staff, the Minister of Defense, the Director General of the Ministry of Defense and the Head of Southern Command, we increased the pace by doubling work crews. There are a great many crews, so much so that there is no room to include any more teams. We are working quickly. To date, slightly more than 100 kilometers have been built out of 220 kilometers total. Of course, when the infiltrators and the despicable human traffickers (who also trade in organs) understood that we were completing the fence, they increased their pace as well. There was a certain period of time during which the pace slowed down because of other circumstances, but it was clear to us that the rate would increase and that we are racing against time to complete the fence in its entirety.

We know that a physical obstacle is not enough and that we must also work against the employers by levying much heavier fines and punishments. We must also take the necessary steps to legislate laws against the employers, as well as voluntary detention facilities. We need to be able to provide food, health care and other basic needs for the people whether or not they work. This is what is demanded by law. We must also take steps to return the infiltrators to their home countries. However, first and foremost, we must complete the fence. It transpires that there is a 20 kilometer section near Eilat which is very challenging, hilly terrain. You are familiar with the area; it is very challenging. And it requires additional funds. In other words, completing the fence and the other steps – the other facilities that are needed to make this system effective – cost more money. We had to invest an additional NIS 630 million, for a total of NIS 2 billion.

Unlike other economies, we run our economy in a responsible fashion. If you determine that the fence is a national need – I would even say a national security need, both in the narrow sense of the word and in the broader sense – a societal need, an economic need and a need to protect the character of the State of Israel, in addition to a security need. If it is a need, let us set an order of priorities. Order of priorities is not an empty term: it means if you want to invest there, you must take from somewhere else, which many countries did not do. They just kept taking and taking – someone will pay. In the end, there is not “someone” who will pay. Therefore, we had to take this money, and still avoid creating a hole and moving mortar from one place and creating a new hole, and so on. This is the story behind the international crisis that we find ourselves in. For 20 years, governments spent and squandered money without thought, and of course they borrowed and lent money without thought and without the proper regulation. This is the root of the global economic crisis that we find ourselves in right now. We did not act like that, nor do we. So we decided on a 2% cut in all government offices in order to fulfill this essential need, and I am convinced that within the year, we will complete the fence. We must think what we can do in order to prevent those same infiltrators until the obstacle is erected, and clearly the obstacle cannot just be based on the fence, which is impressive in and of itself, but must also include other support systems that you are very familiar with.

So we are erecting a physical obstacle, a physical fence, but it is not the only fence we are currently erecting, because in addition to the physical fence we are erecting two additional obstacles that are essential to defending the country. The second obstacle is rocketry, and although it is an obstacle to rockets and missiles, it is an effective defensive obstacle comprised of Iron Dome, David’s Sling and the Arrow System. The importance of these systems is clear to you; I will just add that in addition to defending the citizens of Israel, these systems also provide the government and the army with room to decide, and this, ultimately, adds to our deterrence force, to our judgment and to our ability to deter our enemies when they know that when they fire missiles and rockets, we have both a defense and an ability to respond that is not always restricted to their ability to continue harming our civilians. This rocket fence is very, very significant.

The third fence in addition to the physical fence and the rocket fence is the cybernetic fence. We live in a world that has become more and more computerized and more and more breached. We need to understand that an open world does not mean that it needs to be breached. The fact that the world is flat in a certain sense does not mean that we need to allow anyone in. We want free movement of goods, merchandise, money and information, but we do not want to be wide open – not to illegal movement of people or of other things that threaten the security of the country. Cyberspace has supreme importance for all countries, especially the State of Israel. Therefore we are currently investing in creating a third defense system. I recently established the National Cyber Headquarters, and we will allocate funds to it, again from resources that we will take from other areas. I consider this a primary component in our national security.

There are the three fences we are erecting: a physical fence, a rocketry fence and a cyber fence. These fences are the central component of our national security. As you well know, defensive capability does not make the need for offensive capability redundant, just as offensive capability does not make the need for defensive capability redundant. However, I do want to assure you that we are combining both these capabilities, and the State of Israel does not play at “bunkers” in any sphere.
