Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechpresscon230611

There was once a famous Israeli minister by the name of Zerach Verhaftig, and once he got up to give an address. And he said: “Before I speak, I’d like to say something”. So, before I speak, I’d like to say something in Hebrew about a subject that is dear to the hearts of everyone here, dear to the hearts of all Israelis, and the entire Jewish people, dear to the hearts of fair-minded people, decent people, millions and millions of them around the world. And this subject is Gilad Shalit.

[TRANSLATION]

Today, Hamas announced that continues to stand by its policy and refused the request of the Red Cross to visit Gilad. So I have an announcement: I have decided to change Israel’s policy vis-a-vis the terrorists sitting in Israeli prisons. We are committed to respecting Israeli law, international law, and international treaties, but we have no obligations beyond that. Therefore, the excessively and incredibly generous conditions inside Israeli prisons for terrorists will stop! We are enacting a list of steps to change the prison conditions. I will not go into detail here. But I would like to give you one example: I stopped the absurd practice of allowing terrorists sitting in Israeli prisons for murdering innocent people to register for academic studies. There will be no more masters student in murder; there will be no more doctoral students in terror. This celebration is over.

I would like to congratulate the leaders of the United States, France, England and Italy, who demanded over the past several days that the Hamas release Shalit. They have done so in the past as well, but they demanded that the Red Cross immediately be allowed to visit him. I believe that if everyone here, in Israel and overseas, join forces and continue to apply pressure on the Hamas - moral, political and informational pressure - day in and day out, I am convinced that we will advance the release of Gilad Shalit until he returns home safely.

[END TRANSLATION]

My good friend, the President of Israel, Shimon Peres, gave me me a simple instruction - well, a suggestion. He said: “Speak about how you see Israel’s future”. So, here’s my vision for Israel’s future. I see Israel as a regional economic power, as a world technological power, living at peace with its neighbors. Now, I want to speak about each one of these elements.

First the economy. We had a very good economic day today. We’ve just had the unemployment numbers - they’re 5.8%. It’s the lowest its been in 15 years. Our growth rate is about 5%. We’ve been growing since 2004 at 5% a year, with one exception - the year of 2008, and we’ve narrowed the gap between Israel and the leading European countries. Well, our goal is not to be there; our goal is to go beyond that. And we believe we can achieve that. To get economic growth to where it is today, we had to open up our economy and allow the innate genius of our people, the creativity and entrepreneurship to burst through, and we made a lot of reforms. I won’t bore you with them. But the important thing is, we can’t rest on our laurels. We have to continue opening up the Israeli economy, breaking up cartels, allowing for more competition, allowing for this genius, for this creativity to constantly do better things for our people, allowing for this kind of ingenuity to create new companies, new firms, new businesses.

That’s not enough. There are other things we have to do. The country is still blocked, not so much in bureaucracy, even though it’s still bad, and we’ll make it better. It’s blocked physically. Israel is one of the smallest countries in the world, but if you want to go from one side to the other, you’d think it’s as big as Russia because it takes forever. Well, we’re changing that. We’re changing that because we’ve put in fast roads and now we’re revolutionizing the country by putting a transport grid, fast roads right up to Kiryat Shmona, right into the Negev. You’ll be able to go from Eilat to Kiryat Shmona without seeing a single traffic light. That’s coming.

It shouldn’t surprise you, because you see that in many of the countries you come from, but in Israel, we’ve been living in a narrow corridor between Hadera and Gadera on the coastal plain with a little adjunct in Jerusalem, and my vision is to open it up, to open up the Galilee, to open the Negev, to realize Ben-Gurion’s dream - open up the country. And the way you open up a country is by opening it up and connecting it with a fast transportation grid. This includes railroads. We’re now in the process of planning a rail link from Tel Aviv, through Ashdod, down to Eilat. We’re going to connect the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea. We’re going to have the ability to allow goods from Asia to go to Europe and vice versa.

The Egyptians are building a railway line along the Suez Canal. I asked why are they doing that? And they said, because the overflow in the Suez Canal. Well, if they have overflow, we can deal with the overflow. It’s not a big competition to the Suez Canal. I call it an insurance policy, an insurance policy for Asia and for Europe, and it’s always good to have an alternative. It’s always good to have some competition. So we’re building this railway. I spoke about it yesterday to a minister of the Chinese government. I know there are Chinese companies that are interested. There are 74 companies worldwide that have requested information for this project. This will revolutionize Israel.

It’s time we opened up the Negev. It’s time we opened up the roads. It’s time we opened up the railroads. It’s time we open up our economy even further. That’s the first thing that we shall see.

The second thing is technology and I know you spoke a great deal about that. There is no greater champion for this than our President. And I want to say why this is so important: because the future belongs to the innovators. The future, and especially the future in a knowledge economy, belongs to those who can innovate. We in Israel innovate per capita more than any other country in the world. But we think we can do more. So we’re investing right now in centers of excellence. I’m sure you spoke about it - in neural science, in computers, in medicine, in every area that you can imagine. We’re bringing Israelis back from the best universities in America. We’re investing in this - government money. We’re not just talking about it, we’re putting a lot of money there. We’re having people come from Berkley and from Stanford and from Harvard and even from MIT - that’s a good school. I know it personally. They’re all coming back. We’re investing in the future but I think we have to invest in three specific areas.

You’ve heard about the statement that says, “Put your money where your mouth is”? We’re going to do that literally. We’re going to put money into food, into agribusiness, into genetic engineering of crops to get yet greater yields. Shimon, you spoke about this idea. You said we have this know-how, among other things, in the Vulcani Institute - a tremendous research institute - and elsewhere. We can take these ideas, these inventions, we can take them and marry them with countries that have a lot of land - Russia, China, India - and we can bring better yields of crops for them, but also create enormous businesses for us.

So Israel is going to invest first in agribusiness and in the science of food. It’s important for Israel; it’s important for mankind. This is the first area.

The second area is something we spoke about two years ago on the previous President’s Conference. I said that we have to find a substitute for oil. Well, we put our money where our mouth is here as well, and we’ve invested roughly - you can clap. I mean, this is important. This can change your world and ours. We put up about half a billion dollars in the coming 10 years to enable systemic research for a substitute for gasoline in transportation. That ‘s the biggest problem. Most of the world’s oil is used for transportation. If we can find different technologies to encourage a substitute for oil, we will change the world. We will also clean up the planet.

This requires a systemic effort. The problem with systemic efforts is that they’re not too abundant. And the reason they’re not too abundant is because the research effort goes up and down with the price of oil. When the price of oil is high, everyone - governments and companies - are interested in finding a substitute for oil; and when the price of oil sinks, they abandon this interest quickly. So we want to put in a consistent and major effort to fund serious research in partnership with other countries, and with companies. I spoke about it today with the head of one major company.

If we can do this, then I think we’ll make the world cleaner and safer, and we’ll deprive the terrorists’ patrons the money that they use to fuel terrorism and unrest. It is an important goal for Israel and next time you come to the President’s Conference, I hope we can show you the first, or rather the best results that are proceeding.

And now the third thing. The third area that we’re investing in is cyber. Cyber is an area both of a challenge and of an opportunity. The challenge is obvious: you can paralyze countries today without firing a shot. Everything becomes computerized: all public systems, transport, banking, water, everything. Communications. And it’s going to get more so. As it gets more so, it’s more open and susceptible to systemic attack. Therefore, every country, Israel included, has a vested interest to defend itself against cyber warfare. Because this is so prevalent, we now have a business opportunity. The business opportunity comes from the fact that several of the leading companies in the world that address the challenge that I’ve just described are in Israel. Some of the greatest banks in the world, American banks, are protected, daily guarded by companies in Herzliya. This is a big, big field. So, we’re going to marry our defense needs with our business sector, and of course the academic world, because you have to produce the scientists and the mathematicians and the physicists and the computer experts to address this issue.

I’ve built in the last month, after preparation of six months, a national cyber board that has 12 task forces to marry defense, the private sector and academia. And I think Israel will be one of the greatest cyber powers in the world. There are five leading powers - we don’t intend to be the fifth. I don’t know if we’ll be the first, but we’ll be right up there.

These are the three areas that I believe we can pursue, but understand that however we work on technology, however we work on it, we are still coasting on the past. We have the greatest number of Nobel Prize winners, and it is said, correctly, that comes from the educational system that I went through as a child. It doesn’t necessarily represent the educational system that we have today. Now, we said that, and it was said by many here in the previous conference two years ago.

Here’s what we’re done in the last two years:

What we’ve done is to put about NIS 7 billion in a multi-year program to revolutionize our higher education. That money is not merely going into a black hole. It’s going into higher education, into the universities, with significant reforms that encourage competition between these institutions. It will make a difference. So the first thing is: we are going to bring up, ratchet up our higher education, because it’s critical for us, for everything that I just described.

But you know, you have to get to the higher education, from kindergarten and grade school and high school. So, we’ve enacted in the last two years a great reform that has eluded us. Some of it was there before, but it eluded us. We could not get our high schools to accept this reform. The essence of this reform, to me the most important element of it that we’ve been talking about for 10 years, as we’ve seen the grades of Israeli students decline, we’ve been talking about a change. And the essence of the change is to tie the teachers’ compensation and advancement to the performance of their students. This is a critical reform. I cannot tell you how critical it is. It was controversial. Some people still challenge it. But I looked at the winners. We looked at the countries that have superior educational systems, and they all have this one, common feature - people are rewarded for excellence. There is no greater mission than teaching our children the basic skills for the world of tomorrow. And what we are seeing, just by setting objectives, and even before this reform is fully enacted, we can see the numbers beginning to change. We can see the direction, the trend line, changing.

So I can see Israel with a robust economy and with powerful technology that is sustained by a powerful educational system. I said that all of this will give us a grip on the future, but there is another element that we want to have, and this element is peace.

I believe peace is possible. I know some people think I don’t believe that. They’re absolutely wrong. Peace is possible; it’s within our reach. But in order for there to be peace, we have to address the core issue that has eluded peace. There are many issues that we to deal with - territories, settlements, security, refugees. These are all critical, there’s no question about that. They’ll have to be resolved - dealt with and resolved. And there are other issues. They’re important issues, but they’re not the core issue of the conflict. Because we have to ask ourselves: “Why has peace eluded us?” Because we have not had peace with our Palestinian neighbors for the last 90 years.

I begin the marking of this conflict from that day in 1920 when there was a violent attack on the Jewish immigration office in Jaffa. And this conflict continued. It continued in the 1920’s, in the 1930’s, in the 1940’s - the refusal to accept a partition to a Jewish state and an Arab state - in the ’50’s with the fedayeen, leading right up to ’67, when there was an attempt to choke Israel by three of its neighbors. And the question you have to ask, from 1920 to 1967, what was this conflict about? It raged for nearly half a century, for 47 years. What was that about? It wasn’t about settlements. It wasn’t about Israeli soldiers in Judea and Samaria or Gaza. We weren’t there. We didn’t have a single soldier. It wasn’t about Jerusalem. Jerusalem was divided. It wasn’t about the inability to build a Palestinian state. They had all the ability to build one state or two states. It wasn’t about refugees, at least until 1948 because there was no single Arab refugee. That was a result of the Arab attack, not its cause. So, what has this conflict been about? It’s been about one thing from 1920 to the present. It’s been about one thing: the persistent refusal to accept the nation-state of the Jewish people in any boundary. That’s the truth.

Now, I think this can be removed. I don’t think it’s easy. Well, I think it’s conceptually easy but hard to do. I can tell you, it’s not easy, because to our view, against a common ethos is hard. I know. Two years ago, I stood before my own people and I said something that wasn’t easy for me to say. I’m deeply attached to the Land of Israel. I’m deeply attached to our ancestral homeland, but I said: “There’s another people here. We’ll have to have a division”. I said, facing the Israeli people: “I will accept a Palestinian state”. Now, I say that President Abbas of the Palestinian Authority must do what I did two years ago. He must face his people, the Palestinian people and say: “I will accept the Jewish state”. I think this is critical.

I think this is critical for the achievement of peace, and I want to tell you why. Because it’s not what you call Israel; it’s what Israel is. They say: “Well, you can call it Israel. You can call it David’s Empire. You can call it anything.” That’s not what I’m talking about. As far as I’m concerned, they can call their state Palestine or they can call it Arafat Land. They can call it whatever they want. But I wasn’t talking about what they call it. I’m talking about what it is. It is, for them, the nation-state of the Palestinian people. Israel is for us - the nation-state of the Jewish people. It’s the one and only state of the Jewish people. But this means that the Palestinians, if they choose, go there, and Jews, if they choose - I hope many of you choose that - go here. That’s what it means, can come here. That’s one thing it means.

The second thing it means is that the non-Jewish citizens of Israel have full and equal civic rights. And they do. In fact, as I said in my speech before the American Congress recently, they’re the only Arabs in this vast domain between North Africa and the Middle East - 300 million Arabs - who have such civic equality before the law. The only ones, and they’ll continue to have them. This is not a subject to question. But there will not be a demand, any demand, for further subdivision of Israel once we have peace. There won’t be another Arab state or a sub-state or an appendage to the Palestinian state in the Galilee or in the Negev. The rights of Israel’s non-Jewish citizens are satisfied under the law. But there will be no more national claim, because this is the Jewish state - the nation-state of the Jewish people.

And of course, that also means that it won’t be a binational state. It will have a solid Jewish majority, something that we have to ensure by doing all the things that I talked about, and other things - legal things, democratic things - prosperity, education. All these things will ensure a Jewish majority. It will have a Jewish majority and will continue to have a fully enfranchised Arab minority. But it is the Jewish state, with our flag, the blue and white flag; our national anthem, Hatikva; our holidays; our history. All the elements of our national identity. That’s why there must be mutual recognition between the Jewish state and the Palestinian state. We’re prepared to give that recognition. I’ve already declared it. And I hope that the Palestinian leaders muster the courage to address this fundamental obstacle to peace, to have the guts to face their own people and say: “It’s over. We’re building a state, not to continue the conflict and dissolve Israel. We’re building a state to end the conflict, once and for all and to give a real future for our children and our grandchildren.”

Because the vision that I described about Israel can be shared with our neighbors. We can be a tremendous engine for their development, alongside the efforts that they make on their own. And they’ve shown a capacity to make those efforts. This could change the future. But it begins with six simple words: I will accept the Jewish state. This is what will change history, and I say to you, I say to Abu Mazen, our neighbor, my neighbor - I say to him: it’s easier than a Nike commercial. There they say: “Just Do It”. I say: “Just Say It. Accept the Jewish state and let’s make peace once and for all”.
