Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart111211



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Do you see this necktie? These are Prof. Dan Shechtman's quasi-crystals. Ten years ago, he discovered something that was apparently impossible, clung to it, proved it and yesterday he received world recognition, both of the scientific world and the world at large, and was the sole winner of

the Nobel Prize in Chemistry

, Prof. Dan Schechtman of the

Technion

. This is a personal holiday for him and his family. It is a holiday for the Technion and it is a holiday for all of Israel. I congratulated him on your behalf yesterday. I called him before the ceremony and told him that we are all proud of him.

He placed great emphasis on innovation and creativity. Dan Shechtman coordinates a group at the Technion through which passed thousands of initiatives. I told him that the idea of initiative, innovation, and I would say, a commercial climate that encourages the development of businesses, are what characterize our Government. He told me that he explicitly praises our investment in higher education and the advancement of centers of excellence and other projects, and he feels a change in this Government, our Government. I am certain that this change will yet lead to additional Nobel laureates. Therefore, what has been, we must see to it that it will continue to be, and we are doing so. This is very important.

Second, today I will submit to the Cabinet the appointment of Dr. Evyatar Mataniah as Director of the National Cyber Directorate. Cyber has become a central component in our national security. We must provide a strong defense for the State of Israel in this field. Within this field there are aspects beyond security, which are linked to the economy and science, and the Directorate will coordinate them all. I must tell the Cabinet that Israel is at the forefront, to say the least, of cyber forces in the world and we intend to not only stay there, but to climb even higher. I am certain that Dr. Evyatar Mataniah's appointment, who will also receive the necessary financing to operate the Directorate, will greatly contribute to the security and future of the State of Israel.

Third, today the Cabinet will also discuss a comprehensive plan to deal with illegal work infiltrators. This is a national problem. This is a national problem in every field – the economy, society, infrastructures, social welfare and public security. We hear the cries from Israel's communities and cities and we must see to the country. We have no obligation to accept illegal infiltrators and I separate this issue from that of dealing with refugees.

The number of refugees in this human flood is minute and we will continue to deal with refugees, war refugees and the like. But we are not talking about those here. We are talking about entire populations that are beginning to move in the direction of the State of Israel, which is very developed and very humane, and if we do not act to stop this illegal flood, we will simply be inundated. Therefore, I see this as a supreme need and not just another decision, but a decision that requires the genuine commitment of all ministries.

This was necessary in 2006 when the previous Government decided to apparently build a fence. I say 'apparently' because two years passed. 2008 and 2009 arrived and nothing was done. In 2009, I decided to start building the fence. Half of it has been built, approximately 100 kilometers. In today's decisions, we will do two things: One, we will complete a section of the fence, topographically, the most difficult, in the Eilat area. We will approve an additional budget of almost NIS 600,000, with our intention being to finish the entire western fence in less than one year.

The second part is the establishment of housing and detention facilities, voluntary housing, in order to accommodate those who flee from their jobs, or who do not receive them, because we intend to greatly increase fines levied on employers. As a result of this, illegal migrants will either flee or will not be accepted, and we will know how to deal with them humanely until they are deported.

The third part, I am not submitting it to the Cabinet today but I intend to travel to Africa later to discuss and advance procedures for returning them to Africa. In any case, this is unjustified. This entire matter entails significant expenses, which I will divide equally among all Government ministries, because all ministries, all components of our national expenditures, are affected by this flood and all of them need – and, I am pleased to note, are willing – to contribute their share. Here, I would like to thank my fellow ministers. These are very important steps to ensure the future of the State of Israel as a Jewish and democratic state.

Lastly, I spoke with Lee Korzits who again won at the ISAF Sailing World Championships. This victory is a continuation for her. She had previously won a gold medal at the world championships. I told her that we will see her in London, at the next Olympics. I think that this is a very impressive achievement for Israeli sports. We have a Nobel Prize in the sciences and a Nobel Prize in sailing."