Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart060311



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"During my visit to Moscow, I proclaimed the construction of a memorial to the victory of the Red Army over Nazi Germany and to the participation of hundreds of thousands of Jews in that war.

President Medvedev and I established a joint committee of judges. A competition was held and completed

. Three well-known Russian artists won the competition and a very beautiful memorial will be built in Netanya, by the seashore. The memorial was selected after many worthy proposals. I think that this will give expression to the feeling of respect that we feel for all those who fought in that terrible war to save humanity. I hope to dedicate the memorial, along with the Russian leaders who come here, to this joint historical memory, which is important for all of humanity.

Humanity does not always remember with such moral clarity. Until recently, Libya was a member of the UN Human Rights Council, the same Council that condemned Israel for its actions during Operation Cast Lead, in the Goldstone report; thus the absurdity, the lies and the hypocrisy ran amok. Today, the true faces of Libya and its ruler have been revealed. They all understand that Gadhafi is slaughtering his people. Perhaps they all do not yet recall what would have happened if Gadhafi had not given up his nuclear weapons project. I try to describe a world in which the Libyan ruler, the one who is massacring his own people and does not respect human rights, would be armed with nuclear weapons; who knows what might have happened.

Indeed, there is another regime that is slaughtering its people, trampling human rights and exporting terrorism around the world, and this regime is developing nuclear weapons. This regime is that of the ayatollahs in Iran. And to the same degree that there is moral clarity today regarding the need to warn the Libyan ruler and his cohorts against perpetrating crimes against humanity and abusing its people, I think that there must be the same determined international action against the tyrannical and brutal regime in Iran. This is not just for the rights of the Iranian people but for the security of the entire world."