Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechaltalena190611

The Altalena affair was one of the tragic moments in the history of the State of Israel at a decisive point in its establishment. Despite the bitter memory, it can be said to our credit that we were then a country still be being born, already in the throes of the terrible war for our survival in which our enemies placed our very existence in the balance.

Years later, we can now analyze the reasons behind that order to open fire on the ship without engaging in dialogue with its command. It was a rash order, a mistaken order. There are many explanations why it was given. It may be that one of the reasons was an absence of enough confidence on the part of the nascent government as to its authority and due to misplaced suspicion and lack of trust. We know in hindsight how misplaced they were. It was also certainly the result of that same deep rift that still was a gaping wound among the people during that turbulent time.

With the hindsight of years, we know that there was shared anxiety for the existence of the State of Israel, and that both sides, not just one, accepted the principle of the authority of the government. On neither side did anyone undermine the fact that the State could exist with only one army, one command and one weapon. Everything else was a tragedy – a tragedy in terms of lost heroes; a tragedy in terms of lost weapons at a critical time in our fight for independence. However today we know that the main lesson of the Altalena affair is not to be found in an analysis of details and mistakes, but rather in the cry that arose as a result of that tragedy and even overcame it: no civil war – never. To bite one’s lip and hold back, to accept the judgment of the State above all differences of opinion, above all fatal wounds and insults, above all the incidents and challenges of the past 63 years.

Above all else, even today we hear the raised voice of Menachem Begin saying: “My brothers, I call on you. Do not raise your hand against your brother, do not open fire. I order you. There will be no civil war.” My brothers and friends, today the State of Israel has risen high above that bitter disagreement. It is much more mature, more experienced, more unified. Because of the victims, because of the heroism of the Altalena fallen, because of the shock and grief during those same horrible days, and because of the brave leadership of Menachem Begin, civil war was removed from the realm of possibility in the State of Israel.

This is not something that goes without saying. In the new era, many peoples have experienced civil war – in America, Britain, France and Spain – in many places and even by our people in ancient times. However, not in modern times. This is the great contribution by the Altalena, and it is a contribution that I know is steeped in terrible pain. But it is a tremendous contribution to the unity of the people because over the years, we have gained experience and self-confidence in the stability of our democracy, the basic unity of our society and the basic unity of the people of Israel as expressed in that same moment.

With a quiet heart, we can promise ourselves that we will never, never return to that tragic moment, or a similar one. That is why today, when we remember that ship, and the fighters on board – Eliyahu Lankin and Stavsky and their friends, and our dear friend, Dov Shilansky, who was always here with us throughout the years. It is our duty to salute and bow our heads in respect, to remember the fighters who came here on the Altalena. Most of them were new immigrants who came from the Diaspora straight to the front lines, some survivors of the death camps, and in all of them wholeheartedly and with profound dedication only sought to join the ranks of those defending and fighting to defend the young State of Israel. Their contribution was tremendous.

May their memories be blessed and may their legacy, the legacy of unity and dedication to people and country serve as inspiration for us forever.
