Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzel210711

We call Herzl the State visionary. We tend to wonder at the accuracy of, if not all, then most of his predictions, and most of all that which he wrote in 1897: “In Basel, I founded the Jewish state”, and he wrote that it would take 50 years until the entire world recognized that. And indeed, exactly 50 years later, in 1947, the world recognized the existential right of the nation of the Jewish people.

However, Herzl was much more that a visionary talent. He was a leader on an historic scale. When he wrote in his diary: “I founded the Jewish state”, it was not just empty words; it was not just boasting. It was a profound truth, because Herzl was more than just the State visionary – he was its founder. He laid the foundations for the State of Israel, and what is amazing is that he did so without any means of rule, without any communications tools and, I must say, without any money. He found it very difficult to raise funds, but he did succeed in speaking to the hearts of millions of people around the world, Jews and non-Jews alike, and as the President said, to the masses of Jews in the ghettos of Eastern Europe.

But he also struck a chord with others – with influential people, with the Christian Zionist movement or the pro-Zionists in the West and with important leaders. He knew how to stoke the flame in them, and he aroused in them a profound excitement. Of course, he also experienced failures. He did not win over the emperor; he did not win over the sultan even though he came to them, and that, in and of itself, is incredible that a Jewish journalist at the end of the 19th century was able to meet with the greatest leaders in the world. However, most of the people he was able to reach were won over by his vision. This is remarkable leadership that stands out not only in the history of our people, but in the history of all peoples.

Even today we find it difficult to understand why the story of the Jewish state, the small State of Israel, arouses such great interest around the world, in both the positive and the negative sense. In my opinion, the most profound positive reason is that the fate of the Jews is a reflection of the fate of humanity. Because if a people who was exiled from its land and reached such depths of despair after experiencing suffering as never experienced by any other people – if such a people can re-gather, return to its historic homeland in the Land of Israel, bring home the exiles and renew its national, sovereign life, this reversal from the depths to the loftiest heights, this transformation is what gives hope to all peoples, to all humanity.

Herzl recognized this point and was able to leverage it into a driving force for revolution. He understood the tremendous potential in the story of the Jews, but there is another side to it. Just as there was great excitement among those who loved Israel, Jews and non-Jews alike, for the idea of rebirth and revolution, there was a similar measure of difficulty among broad sections of humanity to understand and accept this revolution after thousands of years during which people were used to seeing the Jews not sovereign in their land, but rather dependent on the mercy of others. When we were dependent on the mercy of others, we were entitled to pity, understanding and sympathy. However, there was one thing we were not capable of doing, for better or worse, and that was to err. We were the perfect victim. We were always moral because we could do nothing to defend ourselves. And I believe that one of the problems that part of the world has in granting the State of Israel its basic right to defend itself – a right afforded to other peoples – stems from the difficulty in accepting this change in the Jews’ status and their right to defend their country after they were the perfect victims for so many years. It seems that this change in attitude is taking longer that we thought.

Herzl understood the universalism of the story of the Jewish revolution, but he also understood the uniqueness of the Jewish people. In his speech before the Zionist Congress in Basel, he said: “We have returned home”. “Zionism,” he said, “is the return to Judaism even before the return to the land of the Jews.” He described in his vision a country that is clearly the nation of the Jewish people, and at the same time, he saw in his vision a country that espouses freedom and full equal rights for its Jewish and non-Jewish citizens. And indeed, there is no contradiction between the two. “Zionism,” said Herzl in his speech, “is the factor that will bring about peace.” But he immediately added, “Indeed, its luck is also like the luck of other peace makers: it will have to fight harder than others”.

I doubt that in his vision, Benjamin Zeev Herzl foresaw that after 63 years of existence for the Jewish state, it would still be a country extending its hand in peace to its neighbors, and despite that, it would still have to fight more than other countries for its existence and future. However, I must point out that Herzl was never deterred by the difficulties; he always held onto his hopes for our people. We continue to be beholden to his vision and his path. The Jewish state was founded. Almost half of the Jewish people are here in Zion. We continue to act to bring the Diaspora of our people home from all corners of the Earth and absorb them into our homeland. We are committed to freedom and equality for all citizens of Israel irrespective of religion and nationality. And we are committed to continuing to strive for peace with our neighbors. We are certain that Herzl’s vision, which has almost completely been realized, will be fully realized and fulfilled. Despite the fact that it seems far away and impossible to achieve, and there will be obstacles on the path, peace between us and our neighbors will come as well. It may be that the ups and downs in our region, which are considerable, will at first add more hardships to our path, but in the end, will bring about a new era of reconciliation between us and our neighbors, and we will know that peace will eventually be achieved when all our neighbors recognize the right of the Jewish state to exist just as Benjamin Zeev Herzl envisioned.

May his memory be blessed.
