Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart170711



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"The State of Israel is a democracy that defends itself against attempts to delegitimize it in the international sphere. This is the reason that we passed the law against boycotts against the State of Israel and its citizens. I think that it is an important law. However, we must act systematically and prudently vis-à-vis the steps that we are taking. There is what to correct. But we must do so methodically and cautiously and in any case we must protect our system of law and the rule of law, the courts and our enforcement agencies. Therefore, we will act cautiously and in order to maintain these networks.

I think that by this restrained conduct are also preventing the continuation of the delegitimization campaign that is defaming Israel. We have been, remain and always will be the only democracy that upholds law and individual rights in the Middle East. I hope, by the way, that perhaps this will change in the future, but it certainly does not seem so in the present.

I am aware of the rent crisis. I am certainly aware of the housing crisis. The Government is doing things here to repair this blight that has vexed the State of Israel for many years. We are a small country. We have a very large demand for apartments, both for purchase and for rental, and there are not enough apartments. There are not enough apartments because we have two insane bureaucracies that prevent the planning and marketing of apartments; today, it takes more than five years to plan an apartment in Israel. We are now attacking these two things.

Tomorrow, the proposal to complete the historic reform at the Israel Land Administration will reach the Knesset so that we will be able to market apartments. I call on all those ho are now demonstrating, I understand their plight, to come and help us tomorrow, myself and the Government, in the Knesset to pass this. This is the first thing.

The second thing – We have 13 days in which to pass the national housing committees, the law to bypass the planning bureaucracy, so that we may proceed quickly. Thirteen days, this means that in the next two weeks we will submit two historic laws that the State of Israel has been awaiting and hoping for because only together will it be possible to bring about a genuine start of the housing solution. I would like to say in advance that it will take between two and three years to channel tens of thousands of apartments into the market. But this is what will resolve the issue; this is what will provide a genuine solution. Whoever would like to help is invited to help us pass these two items.

The third thing, there has been much talk and much protest about the high price of dairy products, and food in general, around the country. Yes, prices are high. We will begin a discussion today which will last at least one more session on bringing about a fundamental reform in the dairy and food sectors. I announce in advance that I will be guided by three principles in these discussions. They are: Competition, competition and competition. Competition will lower consumer prices. Competition will provide the solution.

Thank you."