Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech40sign040111



My fellow members of Knesset,

This 40 signatures discussion is usually accompanied by, or even at times focuses on the differences of opinion between us, and I assure you that later on in my speech I will discuss several of the issues you raised in this discussion. However, this time I wish to open my remarks with a subject that unites us all – members of Knesset and the entire country – and that is the release of Jonathan Pollard.

On January 7, 2002, almost nine years ago, I travelled to Butler Federal Prison. This prison is in North Carolina, and I travelled there in order to visit Jonathan Pollard. I entered the prison facility and was led to some sort of break room. I waited patiently for the meeting, and after some time, Jonathan Pollard entered, accompanied by a guard, who was with him throughout the meeting. We shook hands warmly; he sat next to me and we began to talk. I would like to remind you that at that stage Jonathan had already been in prison for over 16 years.

I expected to see a bitter man, an angry, abandoned, frustrated man, but that is not what I found. I found an intelligent, I would even say brilliant, man, a calm and realistic man. Jonathan spoke with determination and seriousness. He maintained maximal restraint. I asked him what it was like living in prison and he told me what is was like living there day after day, year after year for over 16 years – 6,000 days.

My friends, over nine years have passed since then, and Jonathan has been in prison for over 9,000 days. I must tell you that he spoke with me about his situation in a very matter-of-fact manner, without any self-pity. I asked him several specific questions regarding the conditions of his incarceration, and he said, in the most laconic manner, “It’s not easy”.

I saw before me a warm Jew, a proud and very Zionist Jew. I have no doubt his inner strength and his special character are the unique qualities that have allowed him to hang on for the 25 years he has been in prison – to hang on and maintain his mental stability. I told him at the time: “I swear to you, Jonathan, that the State of Israel, and I personally, will do what must be done to bring you home to your family, to your people, to bring you back to Israel”. It is true that throughout the years, Prime Ministers, ministers and many others have acted to advance Jonathan Pollards release. Unfortunately, these actions have not yet been successful.

In the summer of 1995, Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin asked President Clinton to grant Jonathan Pollard clemency as a humanitarian gesture. In January 1996, then-Minister of the Interior, Haim Ramon, granted Jonathan Israeli citizenship after a decision made by his predecessor, Minister of the Interior Ehud Barak in November 1995. When I became Prime Minister halfway through 1996, I asked the government ministers to visit the prison when they visited the United States – in order to visit Jonathan Pollard publicly. Several people sitting here today who were government members at that time did so. I see you nodding, Yuli Edelstein. You did it. Limor Livnat, you did it. Ya’akov Ne’eman, Mickey Eitan, Eli Yishai – they also did it. I also asked official government representatives – the Attorney General, Elyakim Rubenstein, Government Secretary, Danny Naveh – to visit him in prison, and they did.

On May 11, 1998, my government made a formal announcement. I quote it now: “Jonathan Pollard was an Israeli agent who was handled by senior officials in an authorized Israeli agency, the Bureau of Scientific Relations. In light of this fact, the Government of Israel recognizes its obligation to him and it is willing to bear the full responsibility resulting from this situation”.

Before the Wye Conference in September 1998, I asked President Clinton to release Jonathan Pollard in the framework of the agreement we were about to sign with the Palestinians. Based on those conversations, I had a foundation, even a strong one, to believe that Jonathan would come back to Israel with me. Regrettably, this did not happen and the reasons for that are well known.

As to the Prime Ministers who followed: Barak, Sharon, Olmert – they all asked American presidents, including Clinton and Bush, to release Jonathan, and the Presidents of Israel also asked. Later on, I served as head of the opposition. I met with President Bush during his visit to Jerusalem. I asked him to release Jonathan Pollard. I wrote Bush a letter formally requesting that he do so towards the end of his term.

When I was elected for the second time to serve as Prime Minister, I raised the subject during my first visit to Washington in my conversation with President Obama. Since then, I have raised the subject many times with many heads of state, including during the past several months. You too, members of Knesset, did not spare any efforts over the years to bring about Jonathan’s release, including the letter you recently sent to President Obama signed by nearly every member of Knesset – 109 in total. I can say today that the Government of Israel, the Israeli Knesset, we all tried and tried and tried and did not succeed. Two weeks ago, I received a letter from prison, from Jonathan, asking me as the Prime Minister of Israel to openly appeal to the President of the United States and formally and openly ask for his release. I heard from many of you over the past several days that you support this request. I thought about it, and I know you have pondered it a great deal as well.

After 25 years that Jonathan has been serving time in prison, after 15 years of unsuccessful efforts to secure his release, I decided that his request must be answered, and that it was the right thing to do openly, here from the Knesset in Jerusalem, in a step that represents and unites all the sectors of the nation. I would like to read to you the letter I sent to President Obama about Jonathan.

“Dear Mr. President,

On behalf of the people of Israel, I am writing to you to request clemency for Jonathan Pollard.

At the time of his arrest, Jonathan Pollard was acting as an agent of the Israeli government. Even though Israel was in no way directing its intelligence efforts against the United States, its actions were wrong and wholly unacceptable. Both Mr. Pollard and the Government of Israel have repeatedly expressed remorse for these actions, and Israel will continue to abide by its commitment that such wrongful actions will never be repeated.

As you know, Mr. President, I have raised the question of Jonathan Pollard’s release numerous times in discussions with your administration and with previous U.S. administrations. Previous Israeli Prime Ministers and Presidents have also requested clemency for Mr. Pollard from your predecessors.

Since Jonathan Pollard has now spent 25 years in prison, I believe that a new request for clemency is highly appropriate. I know that this view is also shared by former senior American officials with knowledge of the case as well as by numerous Members of Congress.

Jonathan Pollard has reportedly served longer in prison than any person convicted of similar crimes, and longer than the period requested by the prosecutors at the time of his plea bargain agreement. Jonathan has suffered greatly for his actions and his health has deteriorated considerably.

I know that the United States is a country based on fairness, justice and mercy. For all these reasons, I respectfully ask that you favorably consider this request for clemency. The people of Israel will be eternally grateful.”

That is the letter. I know it reflects all our genuine feelings.

Members of Knesset, on behalf of the entire nation, I wish to send from the Knesset in Jerusalem a message to Jonathan Pollard. Jonathan, you held on for 25 years. Keep strong. The people of Israel strengthen your hand; the people of Israel wait for you; and G-d willing, you will be with us soon.

This is a 40 signatures discussion and it is unique in that it summarizes the year. The calendar year ended several days ago, and I intend to discuss things that happened since the last discussion, but in light of the fact that it is the end of the year, I will sum up several things that can be summarized because we have the data from the Central Bureau of Statistics.

By the end of this year, Israel’s economy had grown by 4.5%. This is more than any other country in the exclusive OECD economic club. Israel leads OECD countries in growth. We created more than 100,000 jobs, close to 120,000 jobs – an amazing figure. Tourism this year amounted to 3.5 million visitors – an all-time high. We joined the OECD. We introduced a reform of the high schools and higher education and allocated funds for it. I must commend the Minister of Education, Gideon Saar, for leading this very important step – NIS 7.5 billion for a multi-year plan. We invested in a plan to bring home promising scientists and establishing centers of excellence; four will open this year. We provided demobilized soldiers from the periphery one free year of studies. We began building – and will soon complete – the ground barrier: first the barbed wire fence and later the ground barrier along the southern border in order to prevent illegal infiltrators from Africa coming to Israel. We introduced free dental care for children to the health basket, and I congratulate Deputy Minister of Health Yaakov Litzman for this welcome initiative. We began building a medical school in Safed, and my friend, Silvan Shalom, is very active in this. We launched the “Israel Lanes” project: a transportation project to develop and connect the Galilee and the Negev to the center of the country. We opened the Carmel Tunnel. We launched the “Tamar” project to strengthen the infrastructure in our national heritage sites, and we have already invested over NIS 70 million in a tremendously exciting plan to renovate archaeological sites which record the ancient history of our people, as well as Zionist sites. This is an exceptional educational heritage plan. We decided to establish an urban policing system. We formulated a national plan to reduce greenhouse gases. We decided to bring to Israel the remaining Jews from Ethiopia. Together with the Minister of Communications, Moshe Kahlon, we are introducing a revolution in the cellular market – bringing in a fourth competitor and possibly even a fifth, significantly reducing the fines for ending contracts with a provider and reducing the connection fee. We passed a referendum law in the Knesset that had been discussed for years.

Since the previous discussion, we passed a second biennial budget under the leadership of Minister of Finance Yuval Steinitz. When we passed the first one, people said, “Well, it’s a one-time-only thing, it won’t happen again.” We passed a biennial budget with a huge majority of over 30 MKs. We passed a law encouraging investment that awards priority status to establishing advanced companies in the periphery. For the first time, we introduced an earned income tax credit across the country. We will sign an agreement with the High School Teachers Union to launch the “Oz LaTmura” reform – an unprecedented step to advance change in Israel that places the student and the teacher at the heart.

We experienced a serious disaster. Yesterday I attended a very moving memorial ceremony for the late Elad Riven, and I met the heads of the local authorities from the Carmel area there. I promised them that the rehabilitation process would be rapid, that we would cut through the chains of bureaucracy with an axe, and they came to me and said: “Mr. Prime Minister, we have no complaints. We have never seen such speed in this kind of rehabilitation”. They praised all the ministries and your mobilization, and the way you shortened processes, and I must tell my friends, the ministers: you really shortened the processes. On Sunday, we will bring before the government a resolution regarding an airborne fire service, the fire-fighting authority and its budget, as well as resolutions regarding earthquakes.

I would like to refer to the political situation. This morning I met with Quartet representative Tony Blair. On Thursday I will meet with President Mubarak in Egypt. On Friday I will meet with Dennis Ross, and mid-month, additional American representatives will arrive. Less than an hour ago, I called Palestinian Authority President Abu Mazen. I conveyed my condolences on the death of his brother and expressed my hope that we would advance together towards peace.

Mr. Speaker, with that, I conclude this 40 signature session.