Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart020111

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"We had a long night and I am pleased that we succeeded. There was a meeting here in my office with Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, Interior Minister Eli Yishai and the mayors. I would like to congratulate everyone for acting responsibly. We reached an agreement. I think that it is a good agreement. It increases the balancing grants for the local councils that have been suffering from this very much. It was also decided to establish a committee to deal with the issue of the water corporations; it will allow us to prevent suffering by many Israelis – families, children and parents. I would like to congratulate everyone for acting responsibly and for the good result in preventing the strike.

This week we will mark 30 days since the major disaster in the Carmel area. We will hold a state memorial ceremony at Beit Oren, very close to the site of the disaster. There, within one year, we will erect a memorial to those who perished, a monument to their heroism and their sacrifice. We have also recognized four of those who perished, two firefighters, the bus driver and 16-year-old volunteer Elad Riven, as having the same status as IDF fallen. Since then we have been busy with the very quick and efficient rehabilitation of the Carmel area.

Today, I will submit an additional decision on this rehabilitation process. Today, we will also issue a memorandum for a decision next Sunday, on three areas. The first is the establishment of a national fire authority. We will submit this, and a budget, for a Cabinet decision so that we may begin to carry it out in another week. Secondly, we will submit, next week, a decision on an aerial firefighting force and its budget. Third, we will concentrate authority for dealing with earthquakes, and a budget, all next week. I believe that this reflects our commitment to ensure that we doing out utmost so that disasters of this kind do not recur.

Today, the Government officially takes its leave from outgoing Mossad Director Meir Dagan, who is present, after eight years in office and dozens more in the IDF and as an adviser to various prime ministers, myself included, on the issue of terrorism. I have thought how I could thank you for your contributions, your great and considerable contributions, to the security of Israel, in all of these roles.

I cannot tell about all of your actions but I can tell ministers about a conversation we had in the Mossad offices, approximately one year ago. I sat in your office and I saw on the wall the picture of an elderly religious Jew, on his knees before Nazi thugs. This picture caught my eye and I asked you about it. You said that that was your grandfather. I asked you what happened to him. You told me: They murdered him. Then I said, Meir, I understand you; now I understand you. I understand your deep commitment to ensure that nobody could ever again be able to implement the threat of annihilating the Jewish People. This is both a personal and national order and you acted in accordance with it.

As Prime Minister, I would like to thank you on behalf of the Government and citizens of Israel, and on behalf of the Jewish People, for all of the great things that you have done for us, for the security of Israel. Meir, thank you very much."
