Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokeastart310711

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

Shulamit Shamir, wife of former Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, passed away over the weekend. Shulamit was a woman of principles, an idealist, who stood at her husband's side throughout his life. She was a member of the Lehi; she fought for Israel's freedom. She was always faithful to the principles of the Jewish People and the Land of Israel. She and her husband raised the wonderful Shamir family, which has contributed, and is contributing, to the State of Israel in so many areas. I am certain that I speak for all ministers and all Israelis as we convey our condolences to the Shamir family on Shulamit's passing.

I would also like to express deep revulsion over the murder of Rabbi Elazar Abuhatzeira. I was shocked when I heard about it. I have spoken with several ministers here, who are also finding it difficult to recover from this deplorable murder of a man who represented a brilliant rabbinic dynasty that has given of itself to the public and to the needy. He was taken from us in such a brutal fashion. We convey the condolences of the entire nation.

We are now in the midst of a complicated and challenging reality, both internationally and domestically, in the face of which the Government must act responsibly and sagaciously. It must take proper and responsible steps and avoid irresponsible ones. I must say that today in Israel we can take the necessary measures because we have acted responsibly and sagaciously in the economic sphere in recent years. Thus, we have the tools. We have a growing economy. We have the lowest unemployment in 30 years. This enables us to make the necessary corrections. We must avoid irresponsible, hasty and populist steps that are liable to cause the country to deteriorate into the situation of certain European countries, which are on the verge of bankruptcy and large-scale unemployment. I do not think that anyone wants Israel to reach such a situation.

On the other hand, all of us, myself first and foremost, along with the members of the Cabinet, we are all aware of the genuine hardship of the cost-of-living in Israel. This affects many areas. Some of the claims that are being heard are justified and some are not. We are obligated to deal with the genuine claims and distress. Some of them are the result of distortions in the Israeli economy that have taken root here over many long years. Indeed, we must deal with the genuine distress, seriously and responsibly. This, without a doubt, compels us to change our list of priorities. We will need to do this as well, responsibly and sagaciously.

To this end, I will appoint a special team of ministers and experts that will propose a responsible and practical plan to alleviate Israelis' economic burden. I ask the team to open a roundtable, to invite representatives of various groups and sectors, to hear ideas, to hear claims and to hear solutions, and afterwards to submit a plan for implementation to the Cabinet and to myself, which we will implement in order to alleviate Israelis' economic burden."
