Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech40sign150611

TranslationBefore I start talking about the political issues, I would like to summarize the actions of the government since the last '40 Signatures' discussion, which was about 80 days ago, almost three months. During this time we did many important things that have not been done for many years. MK Bar-On says, and rightly, that there are things that were started, I will mention that too.

First, we passed the major reform in high-school education, which has been dubbed Oz LeTmura, the Courage to Change. This reform has many aspects, and it passed in primary school education first, which is very important. But what we had here was a hard nut to crack, implementing it in high-schools. This reform, inter alia, correlates teachers' rewards and their professional advancement with the results of their students, which, by the way are measured and that's the most important thing, I think. This is huge; a system that inspects itself and its output can begin to advance. And they've been talking about this reform for a while, for about ten years. We passed it, and according to the data that I've been receiving, I think that we will begin to see the results this year or towards next year. It's a wonderful thing. You define objectives, and people start preparing for them before you start rewarding them. The change is in the fact that the objective has been defined. And this is happening as a result of the immense investment in higher education. I congratulate the Minister of Education, Gideon Sa'ar, his people, the Director General and many others who helped make this happen.

Second, we passed a historic structural reform in the Israel Land Administration. There are many things that we are doing and that we wanted to do, but if the Administration, the bureaucratic machine is rigid, there is no employee mobility, no simplification of procedures, the management does not have the power to manage and things just get stuck in the red tape. We've been talking not for 10 years, but for close to 50 years about implementing changes in the Israel Land Administration. Fifty years. You know what, don't hold me to my word; it might be 40 years. And we've tried, many have. And others talked about it. You cannot go anywhere in Israel, and I'm sure you experience this too, my friends, wherever you go in Israel, where you do not hear complaints about this terrible bureaucracy. And the blame is not on bad people; the people there are not bad. The structure is bad and this structure had to be changed, and I am pleased to tell you that we have made this change. It didn't get much attention, but it is a very important alteration. Because if we continue to fight the bureaucracy, we can put up for sale the thousands of housing units that will bring about change in the housing market. So I congratulate my colleagues, Minister of Finance, Yuval Steinitz and Minister of Construction and Housing Ariel Atias, and also the Chairman of the Histadrut, Ofer Eini. We all worked together to make sure this important reform passes.

Third, following a resolution by the previous government, it allocated several hundred millions of shekels for this important matter. We allocated NIS 19 billion, we made a resolution, passed it, NIS 19 billion spread over a multi-year project to transfer IDF bases to the Negev. This step will cause thousands of officers, NCOs and others to move to the Negev. With this diverse population, it will also develop in other directions such as industry and education. This is a large investment in infrastructure and human capital that will bring new tidings to the Negev. This step was also taken after years of talking, but the decision that was made with, let me tell you, quite some difficulty. And I wish to thank the Minister of Defense and the Minister of Finance who helped us gather the significant amount of money to promote this important national project.

Fourth, the first operational deployment of the Iron Dome system occurred during the recent turmoil before it was tested. The system successfully intercepted seven missiles that were directed towards Israel. I wish to congratulate the previous government, the former Minister of Defense Amir Peretz, and today's Minister of Defense Ehud Barak, for their decisiveness in supporting the Iron Dome project and its development. I also thank President Obama and the American Congress for approving 205 million dollars for the project. This is a great breakthrough. We decided to deploy them. I decided together with the Minister of Defense to deploy it and try the system at real-time. We took the risk of it not working and then it could have had the adverse affect, but fortunately, it worked. This is an important breakthrough that, I think, will be written in military history. Today, I heard a very important senator, Senator Kirk in the US, recommend to the American army and NATO to join in the Iron Dome project, the multi-layered missile protection project, as it was successful, and to invest money in it, which would, of course, reduce the cost of each unit tremendously. In any event, over the next year we will set up more Iron Dome batteries to protect the citizens of Israel, as we know we are facing a long-term problem which requires a systemic solution that is both offensive and defensive. This is a defensive solution that we are committed to and we will invest a lot of money in it.

Fifth, as I promised, we established Israel's fire-fighting squadron. The Elad Squadron named after Elad Riven. In the few weeks since it was established, the Elad Squadron has successfully extinguished, I think, about 10 fires. It might have already reached a dozen. This is an amazing improvement in Israel's fire-fighting capabilities.

I think that these are five things that are significant, and I am telling you about them because we don't hear much about them. They are important, by the way, to the citizens of Israel. And I will talk about politics in a moment. But things are happening, and there is a sixth thing that is very important that I want to talk about. I believe that it has crucial importance to our security. But before I mention the sixth achievement, I want to say, briefly, as MK Cabel was here, talking about social issues, I'll tell you that in the last 80 days since the last meeting, the government passed the minimum wage law, the first increase of NIS 210 will be implemented in about a fortnight. Later there will be a second increase of NIS 200, which means an increase of NIS 450, which is significant.

In addition, we passed a multi-year program for promoting the Bedouins in the North at an investment of NIS 350 million, and the Merom project to strengthen Jerusalem at an investment of NIS 375 million. This is for infrastructure as well as assistance to the residents and many other things. And we have done other things, but I don't want my 40 Signatures speech to last 40 minutes, so I'm cutting it short.

But I do want to stress one important thing that we did in the last few days to fortify the future and the security of the State of Israel. A few days ago I announced the establishment of the new National Cybernetic Taskforce. This was preceded by months of hard work by Maj. Gen. (res.) Itzik Ben Israel whom I directed to address the cybernetic problems. Today, all developed countries are vulnerable to cyber attacks. I didn't say that they will be vulnerable, they are vulnerable today. So we must upgrade our defense capabilities because, paradoxically, the more advanced we are, and the more computerized our systems become, you can paralyze an entire country in ways that are familiar but there are ways that are less known. So we must first deal with the issue of cyber defense, but as this affects us all, private businesses are being established to try to address the problem. Many of these companies are here in Israel, so there is also a great business opportunity here. Besides, these two aspects together, security and business development is built on a very specific scientific basis, and very specific human capital. A certain type, it's not unrealistic. There are pinpointed things we can do, including technological and computational abilities, so we need to combine three fields: security, economy and academia in a joint national effort to reach a goal – that Israel be one of the five cyber super powers of the world. I mean that it will not be at the bottom of that list, and we won't be at the bottom of that list.

I have to say that we are investing in and developing roads and trains, as you know, but I'm not saying that there is nothing else to do in Tayibe and other places. I'm sure that there is and as they say, I have taken note of your comment. You also passed me a note which I carry with me so I can see what kind of help can be provided. Don't worry. But I can tell you that already, the leading countries in the world are showing great interest, very great interest in cooperating with us in this future field of cybernetics, and developing this field will strengthen the country and our ability to forge and maintain essential alliances in the world of tomorrow.

Members of Knesset, a month ago I stood at this podium and presented my principles for a peace agreement with the Palestinians. I think that you know as well as I do that these principles have broad national consensus, in and out of this house. I repeated these principles in my speech at the American Congress. They received support there too. I say that without any qualms. They were well received, very well, in the Congress and among the American people at large.

In addition to these principles, I passed something else which I believe most of you agree with, that peace can only be obtained through negotiations and not by a unilateral UN resolution, and I appreciate the definite stance of President Obama and Chancellor Merkel and also of the German Foreign Minister with whom I spoke yesterday, and heads of states in Europe and others outside of Europe. By the way, I also heard it from the Speaker of the European Parliament with whom I spoke last night. I intend to speak to other leaders about this in the near future.

My friends, we are now in the midst of a battle that is not simple and times are hard. The entire region is turbulent; the earth is shifting, as I have said. Therefore this is the time to unite around common standpoints. The things I said in my speech and here last month, I defined them as stabilizing stakes in unstable ground. We could say, let's do everything immediately. We don't know where the land will come from; we don't even know who our partners will be tomorrow. That is why, whatever we do, we must be logical and it should be based on principles that will remain valid over time and through changing realities.

I think that the need to unite around these principles that are common to a very large part of the people, when they think of it practically, without getting carried away, they think about their problem. What should be done at these difficult times of trial for the State of Israel? When I was the opposition leader I thought of what needed to be done during times of trial, at difficult times, and MK Akunis mentioned a quote by Menahem Begin and we know how he acted during trials he went through as head of the opposition.

Now I have a question for my colleagues in the major opposition. Are there any of these principles that you do not agree to? I will detail them for you one by one, as I brought them up, and I would like to hear from you whether you agree to them or not.

The first principle – the Palestinians recognize Israel as the national state of the Jewish people. First of all, members of Knesset are probably not listening to things that are said, not only here but in general. I didn't say preconditions. I said that these are principles. We have not asked that any preconditions be introduced into the discussion. On the contrary. For two years I was telling Abu Mazen, come on in, don't set preconditions. And today we say so too, aside from the idea that someone like the Hamas will come along and wish to destroy us. You can negotiate for peace, but not with someone who wants to destroy you, with someone who is willing to make peace with you. I am not suggesting preconditions for the discussion; I am suggesting a framework that we enter, that we will try to obtain within the discussions for peace. Therefore the first principle means that we first of all touch upon the root of the conflict, and the reason there is a conflict, and that it is continuous, is their refusal to recognize a nation state for the Jewish people with any borders whatsoever. So the first question, the first principle that must unite us in the negotiations, not in entering negotiations, but administrating them, and I also believe coming out of them on the other side. So, the first question, on the way to an agreement is will the Palestinians recognize Israel as the national state of the Jewish people? Do you agree with this or not? I would like to know.

I don't think that the question is whether that's the question. I think it is the real question. What is the argument about for Heavens' sake? So I want to know. Because we are putting our cards on the table. They will come and say – oh, but you don't mean it. But we are displaying our cards, let them come and scrutinize them, let's see. Who is preventing them from entering negotiations? Did we prevent it from them?

Well, that leads me to the second principle. The agreement between us, Israelis and Palestinians must be the end of the conflict and the end of demands from Israel. Do you agree or not? I suppose you'll answer that.

Third, the Palestinian refugee problem will be resolved outside of the borders of Israel. Do you agree or do you not agree?

Fourth, these are the principles that I have proposed. I ask what you agree to and what you do not agree to. There is a lot of hubbub, I hear many things. There are important things, but the Israeli people wants to know now, when we face the forces that we face.

I think that there are many advantages to uniting forces during times of trial. When the State of Israel was in moments of trial, we, in the opposition, were supportive. The question I ask now about the fourth principle – the Palestinian state will be demilitarized with actual security arrangements on the ground, including long-term military presence along the Jordan. Do you agree or not?

Fifth point, the settlement blocs remain a part of Israel in a permanent agreement. Do you agree or not? I guess we'll hear your answer.

And sixth, Jerusalem will remain the sovereign and united capital of Israel. Do you accept that or not?

So, I've asked you about each of these principles. I would like to hear if any of these principles is not acceptable to you, then please tell the public. But if everything is agreed upon, then stand up and support our political positions. And I hope that in all this tumult, you will finally do what the public yearns for, something that the citizens of the country expect from any reasonable leadership, that you support the basic approaches that unite the majority of the Israeli public and you finally put the good of the country over the good of your party. Take that step, we'll be happy to hear your answer.
