Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechidf090511

Dear Families, 22,867 of our sons and daughters have fallen in Israel's wars. It is hard to appraise the full price our people, our country has paid in their deaths. In the families that were not started, the children that were not born, the creations that were not created. But I can soundly assess the price that each and every one of you, members of the bereaved families, has paid. I am one of you. I know how great the pain is. I personally know the feeling of a part of me being amputated, the scar that will never fully heal, the terrible sense of devastation and loss. I am familiar with the various stages. First you are in shock, then you refuse to believe the truth, then the terrible understanding starts to set in, that our dear ones will never return, that they will only live on in our hearts and dreams. We each have our own way of dealing the hellish torment of grief. If only I had some advice to give those of you who joined our family, the family of bereavement, during the last year, but I do not. I know that even with the entire nation by your side, you are destined to walk alone with your grief and with the void that has opened wide in your lives. In the dark of night and in broad daylight, and more so on days of joy and celebration, a memory suddenly comes to mind and mercilessly spears our hearts. How can we live without an arm? How can we be consoled when our soul is wounded? "A voice is heard on high, wailing and bitter weeping, Rachel weeping for her children, she refuseth to be comforted." And yet, life is a streaming, powerful river that pulls us onward, and we find comfort in the flow of life, in work, both private and on a national level, and in hope for reconciliation and peace. The prophet said: "Comfort, comfort ye my people." Find comfort in the revival of Zion, find comfort in building the country, find comfort in the Israel Defense Forces, find comfort in the hope that better days are ahead in which "nation shall not take up sword against nation". Until that day, we shall strengthen our ranks and forge our weapons, as we have learned from our history that only if we are prepared to defend ourselves can we ensure our existence. We shall not tire nor shall we lose spirit. Thanks to our fallen loved ones we can stand up tall; thanks to their sacrifice our existence is guaranteed. May their memory be blessed.
