Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart190111



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the

Cabinet meeting

today:

"The Government is being strengthened today; it is becoming more stable. I think that this is apparent to the Israeli people, to the entire world and to our Palestinian neighbors. And this is important, to advance the peace process and to advance our worthy goals in all areas. It was more important to me to appoint people to ministerial portfolios in a way that matched their abilities and experience. I think that they are very appropriate for their positions because of their experience and their abilities.

The first appointment I would like to make is our friend Shalom Simhon as Minister of Trade, Industry and Labor. He will also be responsible for Minority Affairs. He has rich experience. Shalom, I remember when I served as Finance Minister, you were Chairman of the Knesset Economics committee and you were proficient and professional in a very successful manner. It was a productive cooperation. I think that we even received some prize for excellence from some organization. I don't know whether in my case, but certainly in yours, it was worthy and important.

You know the field; you were also Chairman of the Knesset Finance Committee, Environmental Protection Minister and, of course, as Agriculture and Rural Development Minister, you plowed the length and breadth of the country. You are also familiar with the issues regarding the minorities sector; you are in frequent contact with it. I think that you will do exceptional work.

Today, I would also like to appoint our friend Matan Vilnai as Home Front Defense Minister. I would also like to make it clear that we are talking bout establishing a separate ministry – a unique experiment – that will deal with the defense of the home front. This is the case in several other countries, the US for example, even though none of these countries have been hit by 12,000 missiles like we have and there are no such threats hanging over them. They have separate ministries for home front defense, how much more so should Israel, which needs a minister to deal with the issue in a separate and focused manner.

And indeed, Matan Vilnai will do this. He has done it as Deputy Defense Minister for the past four years and there is nobody better qualified than him for this position. Naturally, given his background as well, and the home he comes from, I must tell you that I, as a Jerusalemite, remember him as a boy whose parents, Esther and Zeev Vilnai, may their memories be for a blessing, would come to our home and we would go to theirs, and we all grew up with his father Zeev Vilnai's writings about the Land, and afterwards we also served together. Matan was the deputy commander of the unit and I was a team commander, and we would travel home to Jerusalem, for Friday and Shabbat, in his old 'Carmel' car made out of fiberglass.

It was then I learned to know this man, who later became Deputy Chief-of-Staff of the IDF and Deputy Defense Minister. He has already served as a minister but I think that this position, Minister for Home Front Defense, he will see as his true life's goal and therefore, I think that nobody is better fitted than him for the position.

Third, I would like to appoint Orit Noked as Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development of the State of Israel. She also knows the field. Orit served as legal adviser to the kibbutz movement. She was Deputy Galilee and Negev Development Minister and Deputy Industry, Trade and Labor Minister. She was a member of the Israel Lands Administration Executive Board and of the Jewish National Fund Board of Directors. She comes from the field and she is familiar with it. She also has the heart and soul, and the dedication and confidence to be an excellent Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development. Her appointment also has another aspect and that is, of course, to strengthen the role of women in the Government.

We are blessed with two women ministers who sit around this table. Now there will be a third, in addition to two women deputy ministers. I think that this is an important message for the Government and for the women of Israel.

Fourth, I would like to appoint Minister Moshe Kahlon as Acting Minister of Social Affairs and Social Services. I did not want that this important position should be vacant for even one day. Therefore, this morning, I telephoned the Social Affairs and Social Services Ministry's excellent Director-General, Nahum Itskovitch, who did outstanding work with Minister Yitzhak Herzog. I asked him to stay in his position; I am pleased to say he agreed. Afterwards, I asked our friend Moshe Kahlon to serve as Acting Minister. I think that there is nobody better qualified than him. You know Moshe's history. You grew up in a large family and when one discusses social affairs, you know the subject. When we discuss poverty, Moshe Kahlon knows what we are talking about.

And when we discuss getting out of poverty, Moshe Kahlon knows that issue too because with his ten fingers, like the rest of his brothers and sisters, with your own hands, you emerged poverty and reached the heights. I think that you – better than many other people in the country – will be able to find the ways to integrate a correct social policy with a correct financial policy, because this is the way. You did these things and you do these things at the Communications Ministry, when you implemented the reforms that led to lower prices for services for citizens, especially those with reduced means, who struggle under the burden, you make the burden easier for them. This is also a kind of social policy.

I am certain that you will aid very many people in this field and I would like, at the outset, to wish you and the other ministers the best of success in your fields because your success is the success of the entire State of Israel.

Lastly, I would like to thank my friends, Binyamin Ben-Eliezer, Yitzhak Herzog and, of course, Avishay Braverman for the excellent service that they gave to the Israeli people and to the Government, and I am certain that they will find ways to continue contributing to the nation. Thank you."