Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart031011

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:"First, I would like to wish all ministers and deputy ministers, and all Israelis, a happy and healthy new year. I believe that this will be a good year, a very good year. I would like to wish you, Professor Manuel Trajtenberg and the members of your committee, a good year in the wake of the accelerated, serious and detailed work that you did in order to bring good news to Israel's society. I know that you invested much of yourself, under complicated conditions, in opening a dialogue with the public, in achieving breakthroughs in so many new fields, as well as old ones that had not been dealt with for many years. I think that you did very, very important work.We are going to devote the greater part of this meeting to discussing your committee's important report. I believe that there is a change of direction here. Israelis need to know that we are changing the national order of priorities. We are making many social corrections for the benefit of Israel's citizens, but we are doing so responsibly. The main mission before us is to lower the cost of living in Israel. This is the root of the distress affecting Israelis and this is what we are going to change and correct.We are changing the national order of priorities in a wide range of areas including childcare for toddlers, lowering a series of customs duties, enacting tax corrections and cancelling tax distortions, increasing competitiveness for products and services for the benefit of the Israeli economy, increasing negative income tax, housing easements, etc. We will discuss these today and at future meetings until detailed proposals are submitted.All of this will be done responsibly, without opening the country's overdraft. If we do not act responsibly, we could certainly lead the state of Israel into the situation of many other countries that are on the verge of economic bankruptcy, the collapse of their social welfare systems and high unemployment. We will act differently. We will adopt the main points of the report and afterwards we will move forward with detailed recommendations. Our intention will be to make social corrections while maintaining economic responsibility. I think that Israel will thereby make a new breakthrough and be a symbol for many other countries vis-à-vis the direction to take."
