Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart100411



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, we will mark 50 years since

the Eichmann trial in Jerusalem

. We will here very moving testimony from those who were involved and from the children of the prosecutor, Gideon Hauser.

This event is very important because it marked a turning point in which the State of Israel and the Jewish People began to mete out justice to their persecutors and said: Enough! No more! Regrettably, our enemies and those who seek Jewish lives have not gone from the world. But the State of Israel exists and it knows how to defend itself from evil designs and we say: No more! We say more than that: The Jewish People live!

I said that our enemies have not gone from the world. This morning, I spoke with Yitzhak Wiliech, the father of Daniel, the pupil who was wounded in

the criminal attack on a children's bus

. Daniel is fighting for his life. We, along with the entire nation, pray for him.

The IDF has had two major achievements in the past few days, one on the area of defense, the other in offensive operations. In the area of defense, Israel scored a significant and impressive success when

the Iron Dome system intercepted missiles

. This echoes around the world, including in the European countries that I visited.

The impressive significance of this achievement notwithstanding, it is clear that it is only a partial response. It is clear that an offensive response is also needed. Here as well,

the IDF was impressive when it struck hard at Hamas and the other terrorist organizations

, in terms of both lives and equipment, in response to the criminal attacks against us.

Over the weekend, I held discussions with Defense Minister Ehud Barak, IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz and ISA Director Yuval Diskin, and our policy is clear: If attacks on Israeli civilians and IDF soldiers continue, the response will be very harsh."