Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart230111



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, I am submitting to the Cabinet

the Sheshinski Committee conclusions

on the natural gas royalties issue. My recommendation is to accept these conclusions and to share in the security costs of this natural resource that belongs to the citizens of Israel. The resource is also important to Israel's economy and to Israel's future. Regarding the latter, I intend to establish a fund for Israel's future that will be devoted to education and security. The fund's revenues will stem from the natural gas reserves.

We need to do one thing – decide so that we may forward the matter on to the Knesset, so that it may make its decision. We will cooperate with the investors in order to bring the gas to Israel quickly and so the most important thing now is to move forward. This is what we will do today with, I believe, the support of a majority of ministers.

Today, we mark

International Holocaust Remembrance Day

and the day to mark the struggle against anti-Semitism. I would like to point out that this UN decision, which is uncharacteristic,

was advanced by Israel

. It was advanced by then Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom, who deserves all praise for this important action. It is important for increasing global awareness – in parliaments, schools and educational institutions – about the horrors of the Holocaust and the heavy price paid by our people and others, of course, but first of all by our people. This leads me to the other side of the decision – the struggle against anti-Semitism, which has not only not disappeared, but has even strengthened.

We will hear a briefing by – inter alia – Public Diplomacy and Diaspora Affairs Minister Yuli Edelstein, who will give us a current and updated picture of this problem, which threatens our country and our people.

I believe that this combination of these two issues symbolizes the fact that we have a shared fate with the Jewish People and whoever does not think so needs to know that others do. Sartre explained that anti-Semitism stems, first of all, not from the Jews' diagnosis of themselves, but from the fact that others see them as Jews and do not allow them to evade the significance of this fate. We decided to change the fate of the Jewish People by establishing the State of Israel in the Land of Israel. Our task is – inter alia – to fight anti-Semitism, both that directed against our state and that directed against our people, so that such disasters as we have experienced in the annals of our state do not recur."