Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventgader130911



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks from his tour of the Israel-Egypt border today:

"This fence is, first of all, a fence against infiltrators and, afterwards, a fence against terrorist activity. Today, the agenda has changed and this project is, first of all, designed to stop terrorists but – of course – it is also designed to stop infiltrators.

This requires certain changes. What we are doing on such a visit as this is to shorten the timetable. The fence is advancing very impressively and I would like to thank you, Tal, and you Eran, and everyone else involved. This is very, very impressive work. In fact, your work has so impressed me that that I have decided to give you an additional mission – you have already shortened [the timetable] by a year and we are now agreed that it will be finished not in December 2012 but in September 2012, i.e. exactly one year from today.

I have asked you, and you have agreed, to shave off an additional three months. I understand that you are already reaching the physical limits regarding the deployment of workers and their progress but if you can…I don't know, I will wait until the next visit and we will see how much more we can shave off. In any case, I would like to congratulate you on this work. It is important. In tandem with this work, there are also changes that began even before the latest events, of deploying forces here. Tal, I know that you are doing very important and very intensive work, along the intelligence commanders and the commanders on the ground in order to deal with the terrorism problem.

Our border with Egypt is a border of peace. In order for there to be peace, security must be strengthened. In order to strengthen security, we are forced not only to complete the fence but to accelerate its completion. In order to strengthen the fence, we need additional measures and forces, and deterrence. All of these things are now being implemented. I think that this is important for security. It is important for peace. I would like to congratulate you on the important work that you are doing. We will meet again in a few months as usual."

Ronnie Daniel: "About the timing of your visit, and after last weekend, and the voices now being heard from Egypt, did you want to signal that we are taking seriously what is happening here?"

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I did not want to signal anything because this visit was planned long before and I am simply holding it on its scheduled date. If I didn't come here maybe I would be signaling something but I'm here."

Shmuel Tal: "Mr. Prime Minister, there is a report that the IHH has already announced that it is sending out another flotilla, including the Marmara, in our direction, against the background of what Erdogan is saying about Turkish forces escorting the ships. Are we monitoring the situation?"

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I suggest that we don't get caught up in all kinds of remarks. I think that common sense and cold consideration will prevail in the end, I hope on all sides. They are certainly working overtime on our side and I think not just on our side, from what I've heard."