Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokemigzar070111



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will, on Sunday, 9.1.11, submit for Cabinet approval, a decision that will enable a significant increase in the number of ultra-orthodox young men who are drafted for military and civic service. This is in order to promote equality and a sharing of the security and economic burden among the various population groups in Israeli society.

The decision was made following a meeting that Prime Minister Netanyahu held this morning, with Finance minister Yuval Steinitz and GOC Personnel Maj.-Gen. Avi Zamir.

Prime Minister Netanyahu decided to adopt the recommendations that were submitted to him by IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Gaby Ashkenazi and the IDF General Staff at their meeting yesterday (Thursday), 6.1.11.

The decision will enable the number of draftees from the ultra-orthodox sector to double over the next five years. It is expected that the number of draftees will reach 4,800 by 2015 (2,400 for military service and 2,400 for civic service). It was also agreed that the IDF would create additional combat frameworks in order to absorb the ultra-orthodox. In order to meet this goal, the Government will allocate an additional NIS 130 million in order to create new and unique frameworks for draftees from the ultra-orthodox sector, and NIS 70 million per annum for developing new civic service frameworks.

The decision also determines that the age at which ultra-orthodox young men without children may be enrolled in regular civic service, as an alternative to military service, will be 26.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also decided to significantly increase and strengthen the "Shahar" project for the ultra-orthodox population, in which ultra-orthodox young men serve in IDF technological frameworks for a period of approximately two years and are trained to enter the civilian labor market. The Prime Minister, along with the Finance; Industry, Trade and Labor; Defense; and Science and Technology ministries, also decided to formulate a program to assist ultra-orthodox young men serving in the IDF and in civic service, in integrating into the labor market after their service.

Prime Minister Netanyahu noted that this was an unprecedented and important decision that will increase the number of ultra-orthodox young men in the military and in civic service, encourage their integration into the labor force and help create a more just sharing of the burden in society.