Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart030711



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Israel is a nation of laws, as I said a few days ago. Nobody is above the law – and I demand that every Israeli citizen respect the law.

Today's meeting will focus on a series of decisions to improve quality of life and the environment.

First of all, we will discuss the recommendation of the committee appointed by Interior Minister Eli Yishai to extend daylight savings time. The proposal being submitted today extends daylight savings time from 182 days to 193 days per annum. This will help in coordinating work schedules in Israel with those in Europe.

You certainly paid attention to the exhibit out in the corridor on Environmental Protection Minister Gilad Erdan's implementation of the Government plan to involve Government ministries in the recycling revolution. Each one of you is invited to take a bin for glass and for plastic – and everyone can recycle on his own. I commend the Environmental Protection Ministry for this action.

We will also continue on this issue with a series of additional decisions. First of all, today we will establish an authority to implement the necessary action regarding the collapse of Israel's coastal escarpment, as is happening today, to my regret, in Ashkelon, Netanya, Herzliya and in other places. Today, we will establish the unit to deal with this issue and thus resolve an matter that has never been dealt with. At long last, we are dealing with it.

We will also deal with implementing the Government decision on generating approximately 10% of the country's electricity from alternative energy sources within a decade. Today, the Cabinet will decide on the internal allocation of energy from alternative sources and we have here a proposed allocation between solar and wind power, and energy generated from refuse. Of course, all of this is designed to reduce environmental pollution, including air pollution.

Today, the Cabinet will also decide on something that is very important to the quality of life of small businesses. Small businesses are the backbone of growth for any economy, including the Israeli economy and today, we will decide on a framework to encourage activity by small and intermediate businesses. This is a result of cooperation between Industry, Trade and Labor Minister Shalom Simhon, Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, and, I must say, myself. I think that this is important and we will embark on an important path today."