Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart260611



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Yesterday was the fifth anniversary of Gilad Shalit's abduction. He is being held by a brutal enemy, Hamas, which refuses to uphold either the minimal demands of the international treaties or humanitarian conditions. It has refused to allow him even one visit by the International Committee of the Red Cross. It is holding him in harsh conditions and we know how his family is suffering. I think that the entire nation and all fair and just people in the world are incensed at what Hamas is doing.

We have applied heavy international pressure, which has found expression in remarks by the leaders of countries such as the US and in Europe, and in yesterday's statement by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon, all of whom are demanding Gilad's immediate release and a visit by the ICRC beforehand.

We have also decided to change the conditions of [Hamas] prisoners

; that party is over.

We are involved in many actions, and I do not think that this is the place to go into details, all of which are in order to bring Gilad Shalit back home, safe and sound. The State of Israel is ready to go far, more than any other country, in order to secure Gilad's release but it is my responsibility, and the responsibility of those who are sitting here, to see to the security and lives of the Israeli people.

We received a proposal from the German mediator. This proposal was harsh; it was not simple for the State of Israel. However, we agreed to accept it in the belief that it was balanced between our desire to secure Gilad's release and to prevent possible harm to the lives and security of the Israeli people. As of now, we have yet to receive Hamas's official answer to the German mediator's proposal.

Today, the Cabinet will make a series of decisions on a variety of issues. First of all, we will strengthen the economic sanctions against Iran. Israel must be at the forefront of countries applying severe sanctions on Iran, and we will indeed enter that rank with our decision today.

We were informed last week of the Israeli economy's impressive jump and of

an impressive decline in the level of unemployment

, which has reached its lowest level in many years. I would like to commend Finance Minister Dr. Yuval Steinitz and Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Stanley Fischer and all of the ministers who are engaged in advancing the Government's economic policy, which has registered important results.

Our economic ability also enables us to take a series of socio-economic decisions. First of all, as I have promised, the Cabinet will, today,

allocate the funds needed by cultural institutions, including the library, in Kiryat Shmona

. I would like to thank Finance minister Steinitz, Education Minister Gideon Saar, Minister Silvan Shalom, and Culture and Sports Minister Limor Livnat, all of whom acted in concert in order to resolve this issue.

Second, we will decide today to extend or add to the program of free pediatric dental treatment for children up to age ten. This is a very welcome change. There has been a great response to the free care that was previously up to age eight. The Israeli people understand that there has been a very welcome change here for Israeli families and children. I think that this is a very important breakthrough.

Third, today we will establish youth centers in the center of the country, in addition to those in the periphery. I would like to commend Deputy Minister Gila Gamliel for advancing this step. Lastly, we will also update the list of communities in which young people will be eligible for mortgage grants. We are thereby solving the housing problem and the periphery problem. All of these steps reflect our desire to advance a balanced and responsible social policy alongside the state of Israel's impressive economic ability.

Before we go, I would also like to commend Prime Minister's Office director-General Eyal Gabai for being involved in all of these issues, as well as in their implementation. In the end, all of these ministries must be linked to each other and Eyal, you are worthy of all praise for your part in this important effort.

I would also like to commend Deputy Health Minister Yaakov Litzman for leading in the field for which I am responsible."