Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart190611



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, the Cabinet will authorize a ministerial committee to deal with the national housing commissions law. There is a housing shortage in the State of Israel. Many young people are obliged to live with their parents, and a few with their grandparents. Young couples, discharged soldiers and students feel that their dream of purchasing an apartment is moving further away due to rising prices. Prices are rising because there is a shortage of apartments in the state of Israel. There is no supply of apartments because not enough apartments are being planned, and not enough are being marketed.

We started to resolve the marketing side with an historic decision, a historic reform, when we signed – several weeks ago – a major reform at the Israel Land Administration. We still have to deal with the law on pensions for ILA employees and I hope that this will be done during the Knesset summer recess. But even this giant reform is not enough.

There is one more condition that must be carried out together with those steps that we have already taken. We mean a reform of apartment planning. Completing the legislative process for this reform will take at least a year or two. Many factors regarding environmental protection and others, are lengthening the process.

It is for this reason that we would like to bypass the bureaucracy for 1.5 years with the housing commissions law, which will be submitted to the Cabinet today. I am certain that the Cabinet will authorize a ministerial committee to quickly deal with the law so that the permanent planning reform might be completed. We will be able to close the gaps and bring about apartments.

We would like to bring approximately 10,000 apartments per annum. We have a shortfall of 80,000-100,000 apartments, which significantly hurts young Israelis and we are simply going to fill the shortfall by an emergency action, i.e. the housing commissions. Therefore, I am requesting not only ministers' support today but also MKs' support during the expedited legislative process, which I would like to complete before the summer recess.

If we have both rapid planning and quick marketing, we will be able to resolve the State of Israel's housing problems. This will not happen overnight by the way, but the giant reforms that we enacted in 2003-2004 have proven themselves vis-à-vis the Israeli economy. We will do exactly the same thing with basic reforms of the housing market and in the future we will see positive results. The State of Israel and the housing market will benefit from this for many years. These are fundamental reforms.

On another issue, I have spoken with ministers regarding the cultural institutions in Kiryat Shemona and we have reached agreement on how to deal with the issue so as to resolve the matter, within a week. I have instructed Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai to bring about an agreed-upon solution that, I think, will solve the problem. I updated Kiryat Shemona Mayor Nissim Malka on this decision.

Finally, the "

Turning Point 5" National Home front Exercise

will be held this week. The Government has invested greatly in home front defense. It is the new front. I would like Home front Defense Minister Matan Vilnai to say a few words."

Minister Vilnai: "Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. Indeed, this is the fifth year that we have held this exercise. The exercise regards extreme situations such as massive firing deep into the State of Israel. I assume that the State of Israel's deterrent capability, its ability to exact a high price from the other side, is clear to the other side, which will avoid this as much as possible. It understands why it should avoid it. In any case, we must hold the exercise and it is designed, first of all, for those who sit around this table, so that we might coordinate among ourselves, take responsibility and also emphasize national infrastructures. All of our national infrastructures will participate in the exercise as will one-third of local councils, which are our cornerstones. There will be staff exercises that we will all be involved in. I see that ministries are holding discussions led by their ministers; this is very important. Home Front Command units will hold major field drills. This exercise will be all throughout the country. On Wednesday, 22.6.11, there will be two sirens, at 11:00, when people will be at work; everyone will have to ask himself, "What must I do?", and at 19:00, when people are at home with their families, what are they to do. This is an exercise. I look around the world and nowhere are there exercises of this scope. It and its success are our security."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I understand that the main idea is that people will go into protected spaces and shelters."

Minister Vilnai: "Beginning with the protected space and shelters, whatever the most protected space is. There will be broadcasts to help people choose what their most protected space is and what they have to do."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "But do not remain out in the open."

Minister Vilnai: "No."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "This is the main idea. I am very grateful, thank you."