Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechagency280611



Thank you. Thank you very much. I’m going to say a few words about Natan’s competitive qualities but before that I want to welcome all of you, Richie Perlstone, thank you for all the work you’ve done and I see also Joanna Abiv, thank you Joanna and Moodi, my friend, Zandberg. Why are sitting there and not here? I don’t know how this works. Avraham Duvdevani, Cathy Manning, Seth Cohen, Amira Dotan, Jimmy Tisch, I offer you my congratulations and sincere commiserations as you enter this post of leading, becoming an important leader of the Jewish people in important times for the Jewish people.

And finally, my friend Natan Sharansky. Look, your coming to the podium to speak with me is nothing compared to my coming to the chess board and playing with you. I will hold that over you forever. I may have told you this, but my last foray into chess was when I was fifteen and then over thirty years later, at the election campaign of 1999, Natan Sharansky invited me and my opponent, Ehud Barak for separate chess matches. I had no choice, I had to go. Natan dispatched with Ehud Barak after five moves. And then I got on the mat and I said: “I have one request. I want to think between each move”. And he said, “Think as much as you want”. I did and with a little help from my friends, the late Tommy Lapid who was there with the chess association, I tied. I tied Natan Sharansky. This may be the achievement I’m most proud of. And I want to tell you that I retired in my prime. I’ve not played since.

So I want to thank you, Natan, for your many accomplishments for the Jewish people and your leadership over the past years for the Jewish Agency, especially in three areas – one: strengthening Jewish identity. You understand that it begins and ends with identity and we don’t want it to end, so we have to strengthen Jewish identity. And second, the focusing of the fight against delegitimizing Israel on the campuses, because ideas germinate and bad ideas germinate like bad germs. So it’s very important to fight this attack, this assault on our legitimacy at the source, and I applaud you for taking these efforts and redoubling those efforts at that important junction of ideas.

And finally, the strengthening of the connection of young Jews with Israel by programs such as Taglit and MASA and Lapid and Naaleh. These are all extraordinarily important. The numbers bear it out. The numbers create critical mass – numbers count and the fact that we’ve had over a quarter of a million youngsters over the last decade participate in this, actually come to Israel, I think is of enormous importance, and as you know it’s something that the Israeli government, alongside the Jewish Agency, alongside private donors that participate in and we shall continue to do so. So, on all these matters, Natan, and on many others, I salute you and I applaud you for everything that you’ve been doing.

We are fast approaching the time when the majority of Jews will live in the Jewish state. We already have the largest number of Jews in the world, but in a few years, we will do something that has defied the Jewish people for over two millennia – that is that the majority of the Jews will live in the Jewish state in the Jewish land. I think that the centrality of Israel for the Jewish people brings with it a unique responsibility because just as the Jewish people have helped to strengthen Israel over the years, certainly in modern times and in the last century, in the last half century, this help was invaluable. I have long believed that it is up to us now for Israel to strengthen the Jewish people. We have the capacity to do so. We’ve grown in numbers. Remember we were 600,000 in 1948 and our population grew over tenfold in 63 years.

Our economy is growing rapidly because we did some elementary things. You know what an elementary thing is? An elementary thing is to recognize, one, that you can’t spend more than you make. That’s a tough one. That’s the toughest one. The other one is that: who makes the money? The Government? Yeah, well, it spends it. We’re not sure it can make it; we’re quite sure it can spend it, and so you want to make sure that the genius of our people, our powers of initiative and entrepreneurship which are so famed throughout the world, do not pass over the Jewish state. And indeed having liberated the economy and as we liberalize the economy, Israel shoots up and it’s become a regional economic power and a global technological one, and we will continue this way, but this creates for us two great resources.

The first resource that it gives us is the money to pay for our defenses – military power costs money. It costs a lot of money and you can only be a military power if you have a strong enough economy. We’re not a large people, but we have a robust economy. And the only way we can meet our defense needs is by allowing our collective end of defending our collective goal of defending the Jewish State –by having an economy that opens up individual initiative so that we will have the necessary resources to do so. But the second thing that a larger economy gives us is the ability to start channeling funds for the maintenance of Jewish identity and Jewish connection and Jewish support for Jewish education in the Diaspora. And so we’re doing both. I think this partnership between Israel and the Jewish Agency will reach higher levels because we both identify these tremendously important goals and we’ll continue to work for them. I think they touch on our core identity as Jews and I want to reiterate my commitment, and I believe it’s your commitment as well, to ensure that nothing – I mean that - nothing undermines the unity of our people.

Now, Natan mentioned one area, and believe me this requires a lot of time for me and a lot of understanding and compromise from my coalition partners, but I want to ensure the unity of the Jewish people. I’ve acted that way up till now – I’ll continue to act that way and I hope and I’m sure that you’ll support it.

This unity is important not only in matters of internal identity. It’s also important in matters of external policy – what we communicate to the rest of the world, how we address the great challenges we face, and I think this is particularly important on two issues that are critical for us externally. The first is our unity in opposing strongly and asking the international community to oppose strongly Iran’s ambitions to arm itself with nuclear weapons. And the second is our common approach to peace with the Palestinians. Now I said common approach and it is often presented as something in which we are divided. I don’t say that there isn’t a spectrum of opinion in Israel or in the Jewish world; there is, of course. But I maintain very adamantly that in fact the overwhelming majority of Jews in Israel and outside Israel – Israelis in Israel and friends of Israel outside Israel – agree on the basic framework of peace assuming we had a peace partner who wanted to make peace with Israel. I outlined this basic consensus in my recent speeches in the Knesset and in my speech before the American Congress. And I know that I expressed a vision of peace that is in these speeches that is supported by the overwhelming majority of Israelis.

Now here’s what this vision is founded on. Here are the principles upon which most of us unite. The first is that we seek to achieve a peace and mutual recognition between two nation-states for two peoples: a Jewish state, which means the nation-state of the Jewish people, Israel and a nation-state for the Palestinians. We point this out right up front because this is the core of the conflict. This conflict is about the Jewish state. It’s about the persistent refusal to accept that the Jews have a right for a nation-state of their own in any boundaries. It precedes the question of boundaries; it precedes the question of territorial dispute. It is a dispute against our very right to exist as a sovereign Jewish state. It has always been that. It’s just been masked, but it explains why this conflict extended itself for half a century – from 1920 till 1967 when there were no “territories”; no Israeli soldiers in Judea, Samaria or Gaza; no refugees for half that time; and Jerusalem was divided. Half of it was in Arab hands, but there was for fifty years this horrible conflict. What was it about? It was about our existence as a Jewish state, a refusal to accept this idea of Zionism before the establishment of the State and a refusal to accept the idea of a Jewish state after it existed. And that has not disappeared.

So I believe even though Palestinian society is split now between those who actively are prepared to use force, violence, terror and war to wipe us out and those who refuse to stand up to that first half. That’s basically the division there. This remains the heart of the problem. And I address this problem. I understand that we will have to have a historic compromise which is very painful. So I stood before my people, people of Israel and I said numerous times that I will accept a Palestinian state. Now President Abbas must stand before his people and he has to say these six words, “I will accept the Jewish state”. He has to say it. And I will repeat this over and over and over again because it’s the attempt to fudge and evade and obscure this essential component of peace; the removal of this basic obstacle to peace that is required and this is what the international community must face up to.

And the only way that it’s going to happen is by the external pressure that says to the Palestinian leadership: Just say it. In many ways, all that pressure has been accumulated on Israel to arrive at painful understandings. That is understood. That is repeated, every day, twice a day – every newspaper you read for a year, for a decade, for decades. And yet the core of the conflict is hardly addressed. Well, I address it, and you should address it, and any fair-minded person and any peace-loving person should address it and say to the Palestinian leadership: Just say the six words – “I will accept the Jewish state”. Because once they say it, we will move inexorably towards peace.

The second point derives from the first, and that is that the refugee problems are settled in these two respective states – the question of Palestinian refugees will be resolved in the Palestinian state and not in Israel. Just as the question of Jewish refugees caused by that same Arab assault on Israel in 1948, was resolved within the Jewish state. The Arab attack, the attack of five Arab armies, with the Palestinians, on the embryonic Jewish state caused two refugee problems. About 650,000 Palestinian refugees and a somewhat larger number of Jewish refugees expelled from Arab states. Tiny Israel absorbed all the Jewish refugees and the vast Arab world refused to absorb the Palestinian refugees, and neither justice nor common sense mandates that 63 years later, the Arab world or the Palestinians will come to us and say: Now, absorb the great-great-grandchildren of this part of the refugee problem that we created ourselves.

The solution to the refugee problem, both in a practical sense and in the question of justice has to be addressed in the Palestinian state and not at the expense of the solitary, the one and only Jewish state. That’s the second point.

The third point is, of course, the demilitarization of the Palestinian state. We don’t want a repeat of what happened when we withdrew from Gaza or from South Lebanon. I believe that this will require for Israel to maintain a long-term military presence along the Jordan River. There will be arguments about sovereignty, about territory, but I think that the question of demilitarization and a long-term military presence along the Jordan River are essential to guaranteeing any peace. A peace you cannot defend will not hold. A peace you can defend will.

The fourth point is to incorporate what are called the settlement blocs, these large, urban communities that are fairly dense and concentrated alongside Greater Tel Aviv and Greater Jerusalem, and other areas of critical, strategic and national importance in the final borders of Israel. We believe also that Jerusalem must remain united, under Israeli sovereignty. It’s the only time in its millennial history that it has assured the free and unfettered access of all three monotheistic religions to their holy places.

And the last is, of course, the ending of the conflict, the ending of the claims. By that I mean that if we shall make – as I hope – an agreement based on these principles, and these are not preconditions to entering negotiations, these are the foundations of achieving a durable peace if we can exit the negotiations, once we enter and finish the process. But the main point is that what we have to achieve is an end to conflict. Not to create a Palestinian state alongside the State of Israel to continue the conflict and try to dissolve Israel by flooding it with refugees or by inducing irredentist pressures on the Arabs of the Galilee or the Negev, or the idea of a binational state – but actually end the conflict, accept the Jewish state and alongside it a Palestinian state so that we may have peace for ourselves and our children and our grandchildren and for future generations, and not a continuation.

These are, I believe, principles that coalesce the overwhelming majority of Israelis today. They transcend political and partisan differences – not all of them, but most of them. They’re not easy. They’re hard, extremely hard for me and for many others, but they are the conditions that we, I believe, could set out and agree to if we had a Palestinian leadership that was courageous and bold, and actually lanced the boil and spoke the truth to its people as we speak the truth to our people.

I think it’s important to unite behind these principles, both inside and outside Israel, and to speak with one voice as I believe we should speak with one voice about how we achieve this peace. Not merely our conceptions, and by the way the Palestinians can have different conceptions, but here’s a most important principle that we have to put forward – that these competing visions of peace can only be resolved through negotiations. They cannot be resolved by imposition. We cannot have a fiat, a UN declaration or a UN resolution that will resolve the problem, because it won’t. In fact, instead of advancing peace, it will push peace further back by hardening Palestinian positions. That’s exactly what happened with Resolution 194 and the refugees. It hardened Palestinian positions for decades, for over half a century. It’s still hardened.

So the adoption of unilateral and one-sided pro-Palestinian resolutions does not advance peace, it pushes peace backward and I hope that there will be, I would call it, the coalition of the responsible countries that will put forward this contrary view that I believe is the right view. I don’t have any great expectations in terms of our ability to actually win a vote in the General Assembly, and I’ll tell you why I make this radical assessment. I used to serve there, and it’s not exactly – how can I say this diplomatically? – It’s not exactly a place where Israel is used to getting a fair hearing. But we do hope that responsible countries will not support the efforts to bypass negotiations, because you want to negotiate a settlement with a Palestinian leadership committed to peace. And I can only hope that President Abbas breaks his pact with Hamas and sits down to negotiate peace with us. It’s as necessary for his people as it is necessary for us.

As we pursue the peace, we’ll continue to strengthen and develop Israel. We never believed, the founding fathers of Israel in 1948, and actually before in the decades that preceded the founding of the State, and then in the 1950’s and ‘60’s and ‘70’s and ‘80’s down to the present – the leaders of Israel and the people of Israel always wanted peace, strived for peace, prayed for peace. But they never said that the future of Israel should be put on hold just because the Palestinians are unwilling to negotiate peace. They continued to develop the country. That’s how we are and where we are today. Through several wars and the bouts of terrorism between the wars, we developed the country. Now we’re going to develop the country, not only in the general principles of a free economy that I described to you, but also by developing the country.

We’re stretching fast roads right to the Galilee and to the Negev. Israel is going to be finally what it is – a small country. I mean, it shouldn’t take long to get from one side to the other. Let’s use our small size to our advantage. And we’re putting rail lines and we’re connecting Eilat, the Negev, with a railway to Tel Aviv. You know what that is going to do? You know what it did to the United States in the 19th century when they connected the two sides? Well, a century and a half later, we’re going to do that here, catching up.

And we’re going to build the country: build it in education in a great reform that we need. Israel’s great strength is the dynamism of its people and the brilliance of its children. We’ve let that one slip by, and we’ve had these achievements despite this. Well, we’re changing this. We’re putting billions – billions. We have put billions in higher education to arrest the slide and maintain our excellence. We’re getting people to come back to Israel in centers of excellence. Have you talked about that? Do people know this? We’re getting people from Stanford, Harvard even MIT – I know that school. They’re all coming back. Israelis are coming back because we’re giving them money. We’re giving them money and we’re saying: “Here’s your future. Here’s the future of innovation”. It is.

We’re changing that. We’re changing the slope, and we’re changing education in the grade schools and in high schools with revolutionary ideas that are being challenged – years of revolutionary ideas: that the advancement of teachers should tied to the performance of their children. What a provocative idea! Do you entrust your children to doctors? Would you put them with a doctor who’s not qualified? You’d like to know. Well, we’re putting our children in the hands of the teachers who are, in my view, the most important people in their lives except their parents. And we want to make sure that they have the necessary qualifications then, the necessary training. And we want to make sure that those who are excellent get rewarded. These are strange ideas, but we’re putting them into effect right now, and we can see the turn. We can see the turn. It is, in many ways, a conceptual turn that requires a lot of political patience and battles, in many ways the thing that we did with the economy.

And now we have another thing that we have to do as we build our country and develop it. We also have, as I said, to protect it, so we’re building this wild conception. It’s not wild – it’s very responsible – of a multi-layered missile defense to protect the Jewish state against incoming threats of rockets and missiles. It’s true that there is the defense of offense, the defense of deterrence. That we never give up. But there is also the defense of defense, and that we’re building in spectacular ways. And we’re going to continue to do this, and also add a new field which I’ve launched last month – which is a national cyber center. That is important for us – for any country – both for defense but also as a great source of business, because Israeli companies are producing tremendous innovations in this field, and so we’re connecting our defense needs, our industrial capacity and our academic qualities. We’re putting them all together as one hub, and we’re putting money there. We always put our money where our mouth is. Otherwise it doesn’t mean anything. And we’re doing it. You know that.

We are developing the country, protecting the country, building the strength of the country as we seek peace, and I believe that, at the end of the day, we can continue to defy the iron rules of history – the iron rules of history as defined by successive historians, very good historians. That’s the problem. They were very good historians. They said that all peoples go through a predictable cycle of birth, flowering, decay and death, and that basically there is one people who has beaten the odds – that’s us. We’re also the one people that has beaten the odds because numbers do count. Numbers count in history and we’re not great in numbers. But I read this in a summation of history by a great historian that I respect. He wrote a book towards the end of his life – “The Lessons of History”. He said numbers count. That’s the bad news. The good news, he said, there’s one exception: the Jews. Let’s continue to uphold that exception.

And I want to thank you for your contribution to that stellar achievement. Thank you very much.