Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart170411



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, the Cabinet will make another historic decision. Not to exaggerate its importance, but it brings to fruition a longstanding vision of moving IDF command centers to the Negev.

We will decide to move the most important IDF bases from the center of the country to the south

and thus achieve several goals.

First, we will be providing strong momentum to the development of the Negev, assisted by the thousands of quality people who will go there, affecting industry, construction, culture in all its aspects. These people are the IDF's qualitative core; their moving to the Negev will be a tangible contribution to the development of a major section of the country, which is still waiting for large-scale development.

The second achievement will be the evacuation of bases in the center of the country; the value of the land is enormous. This will help us finance the move, i.e. this is a correct move because it strengthens the periphery, makes economic sense and adds to our national security. We are very concentrated in the center of the country; therefore, we must decentralize our national life in all main areas, with the IDF and security first and foremost. Therefore, this decision will be very significant.

We should also point out a symbolic and simple significance. Today's Cabinet meeting is the Government's 100th. In these 100 meetings, we have made many decisions that should have been made for years and were not. This is another such decision – moving the IDF down to the Negev.

A second item that I would like to note today is that before the onset of the Sabbath this past Friday, we were informed of the American decision to approve the $205 million necessary for additional development of the Iron Dome system. I think that this is a very welcome decision in and of itself. Iron Dome is one of the components in our active defense and it is clear that we welcome this. But we also welcome the deep commitment of the American people, the Congress and the administration to the State of Israel. I will give expression to this friendship in my speech next month to a joint session of Congress. I think I will then have the opportunity to express our diplomatic and security principles in light of the dramatic changes that are happening in our region, our security needs and our national demands and interests in ensuring our future in peace and security."