Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechhitech020611

TranscriptionI want to thank all the hi-tech leaders for coming from over 40 countries to this conference, and thank you for the warm welcome.

There’s never a slow news day in Israel. I wish there was a no-news day in Israel, but this is not one of them, so permit me to say a few words in Hebrew:

[TRANSLATION]

Two and-a-half weeks ago, on May 15, we marked the day of the establishment of the State of Israel. We witnessed attempts by our enemies to undermine our sovereignty and breach the borders of Israel. Iran, Syria, Hezbollah and Hamas were all partners to these provocations. Those same factors are expected in the next few days, once again, to challenge Israel's sovereignty and undermine the borders of the country. Like every country in the world, Israel has the right and the duty to guard its borders and protect them. That is why my instructions are clear: to respond with restraint, yet with the necessary resolve to protect our borders, our communities and our citizens.

[END TRANSLATION]

Now I’ll offer you a one-sentence synopsis of what I just said: it is that we have to, in the face of challenges, protect our borders and our sovereignty and our security, and I have always believed that our security and our military ability depends on the ability to have a strong economy. And a strong economy is something that we have been working on for a very long time. But a decade ago, Israel’s economy was stuck in the middle. It’s true that it’s already come a long way, made important progress from the beginning of the State. We were certainly no longer a poor and undeveloped economy, but we were not yet a rich and developed economy. In terms of GDP per capita, we had trouble jumping up from the middle rungs of national economies to the lead group of leading economies. A number of economies that we had seen in the rear-view mirror, like Singapore or South Korea had just sprinted forward and passed us by. And they were moving further and further away. Well, today Israel is back in the race for the top. We have a GDP per capita of 30,000 dollars. Our economy has grown by roughly 5% a year. In the last eight years, we had one exception, the year of the height of the financial crisis in which our growth was flat. But if current trends continue, Israel’s GDP per capita will reach the level of the UK and France in a few years. We’re a young country, and that’s an important change. There are a number of reasons why the Israeli economy has been transformed. But foremost has been the ability of our economy to harness the extraordinary brain power that is present in our people towards the industries of tomorrow. You’ve seen this in computers and telecommunications, in security and many other areas. Israel has succeeded by recognizing that hi-tech was the growth engine of the Israeli economy, but also by taking the necessary steps to ensure that that engine would be as powerful as possible. It’s not enough to have scientists or mathematicians or physicists. They can be there in fine universities and be able to do nothing with it. This was the story of the Soviet Bloc. It doesn’t help. But if you took a brilliant mathematician or scientist and you put him on a plane to any of the countries in the West – the United States, put him in Stanford University – very quickly, he was producing added value and those ideas, those capacities could help transform an economy.

What we needed, we had: great talent, great brain power, in our universities and of course, in our military that takes in a lot of talented people, a very large number, and selects them – selects the best brains in the country, the most brilliant people in the country and puts them in certain technological applications. But then they have to go somewhere. And what we did over the last 20 years, and most especially in the last 10 years, is to free up the economy for this great store of talent and also make some smart targeted investments. But the main thing that we did was to free up the bureaucratic controls of government, to relax currency controls – Israel was a country only 13 years ago in which you could not actually take cash out. You couldn’t take out more than a few thousand dollars without a permit from a bureaucrat in Israel’s central bank. And if you came back and didn’t register it and put it in the bank, you were committing a criminal offense. So we freed up our capital markets, our foreign currency controls, and many many other reforms. This is what we did yesterday to ensure that we get where we are today. But the question is what we will do today to make sure that we get to where we need to get tomorrow.

First we have to recognize that the hi-tech industry or more precisely, conceptual products – the production of conceptual products – will continue to remain the primary engine for Israel’s economic growth in the years to come. You quoted me last year as saying that the future belongs to those who innovate. I have nothing to add to that. Well, I do and I will, but it’s true – the future belongs to those who can innovate and especially the future of developed economies, because the only way that you can add, that you can justify the rising costs or the rising living standards of your population is to continually add value to your products and services, and the only way you can do that is with technological innovation. There are other things that can be done, but without technological innovation, you’re going to fall. So the future of developed economies belongs to those who can innovate. It will belong to those countries who can create the conceptual products of tomorrow, and I think in this, Israel is positioned to succeed as few other countries.

You know the remarkable statistics of Israel’s brain power. We have, I think still, more NASDAQ listed companies and startups than any other country other than the United States. We have the highest absolute – if I'm wrong it's with one country – I think it's our good friend Canada. That's good competition. But Israel is a small country. It's only 7 million strong. And we have the highest concentration in absolute terms anywhere in the world of bright, smart minds that can now produce in a very free economic environment. We have more engineers per capita, more scientific publications per capita, more university degrees per capita than any country in the world. And we have the highest R&D spending per capita. The vast majority of Israel's leading high-tech firms have R&D facilities in Israel. But, you know, you always hear that human beings only use a small percentage of their brain power – that's what politicians like to say to each other anyway, but that is also true of countries. We've been using only part of our brain power. Because important segments in our population have not been drawn into the work force and specifically I'm speaking about the ultra-orthodox and Muslim Arab community in our country. It's a significant size of our population. What this means is that all the growth that we've had up to now – which is considerable, I think even impressive – has been accomplished only with part of the population. And we have stores of growth in potential by incorporating these people into the workplace of tomorrow. So we are making vast changes for them, but also for the other parts of our population. I spent some time with our Nobel Prize winners. We also have more Nobel Prize winners per capita than any other country in the world. One of them said to me: “You know, we're the products of the old education system. And where are you going to get the Noble prize winners of tomorrow?” And I thought: hmm, they're right. So after at least a decade of no change and no major investments, we invested NIS 7 billion now in a 5-year program in higher education to boost up our economy. We're creating here centers of excellence, beginning with 4 and working up to over 20, in which we're funding incentives for the best minds, for the best Israeli minds abroad to come back to Israel. And they're coming from all the Ivy League universities. They're coming here in amazing fields of tomorrow. I say that, but you know, somebody has to reach university. You can't just shape up and shore up your higher education because you've got people in kindergarten, grade school and high schools who have to reach university, so you have to take care of that.

I have great appreciation for the Founding Fathers of Israel. They understood that. They invested a tremendous amount in an excellent educational service. And when I was a child, I spent my childhood years here, in Jerusalem, in a public school. That's all we had anyway. And it was an excellent education. We had tremendous teachers, tremendous principles and a very very fine curriculum. What has happened is that this has degraded over the years. I mean, when I look at the two vectors that drive growth, the two vectors that ultimately decide which countries will succeed, one is economic, and the other is education. The economy, the vector is decided by the degrees of freedom in the economy. We start, not initially when you’re starting out, not when you're laying out roads and sewage lines and electricity lines or cell phones – there weren't cell phones in those days. When you go from a subsistence economy to early development, you can go with public investments, government controlled economies. You'll still grow, whatever you do, you'll grow. We did. But into the middle ‘70s we already had stifling bureaucratic and governmental controls on the economy, and we had to change that and this is one thing where I think we've made a vast change. Beginning in the ‘80s with the incorporation of imports into the economy, and then in the ‘90s when we freed up the currency controls and most specially in the last decade when we just took a batch of reforms, dozens and dozens of reforms and freed up the Israeli economy to where it can take off, and we still have more reforms to go. But on the second vector, whereas if the economy was rising, education that had begun high began to go down and down and down, and so we have been producing the Israeli economic story and the Israeli economic success with declining scores, both national and international, in our education. This is actually an amazing feat. That means that our potential for growth is much bigger.

So we have to reform our education. I spoke of higher education, but we're involved in great changes in our education system right now, and basically those reforms, they do one thing. They actually set targets and they also tie the advance of teachers and their pay based on the performance of their students. What a novel idea. All the things that we do in government, whether in education or in the economy are based on the reverse of the graph that I was shown by people who talked to me about education reform. They had a graph, a big slide, and they know I like very lean slides, just very few words. If you have more than six words on a slide you're pushing through the envelope. That's something I cannot get my ministers and their Directors General to understand. But anyway, these guys understood it, except they had the wrong slide. They gave me an explanation of why we should have this major reform in education that we're now undertaking. Not the major reform. Basically, what they said is you have to plunk in money. And the slide was inputs-big arrow-outputs. And I said: “No, I don't think so. I think it's the other way around: outputs-arrow-inputs.” Because if we know what we want to achieve, if we define the results that we want to get, then we put the money in, otherwise money goes to waste, and in fact we wasted many many billions of dollars over the years on education, but it didn't change the curve. We now are changing the curve. The numbers are actually beginning to change, the test scores are beginning to change. And they will change mightily with this education reform. I say that to a high-tech conference because I think you understand more than anyone else that the sustainability of our efforts to keep Israel competitive requires this change.

People have talked about it. They may not know that it's happening. It's happening. It's happening right now as we speak. But you also know that competition never ends. It's like life. Competition never ends. You never get to the point where you can stop competing. It's an endless race. So we have to constantly improve and constantly reform, not only education but also our economy. And we're doing that in transportation, in broadband – there is no broadband in Israel, practically. People complain. Our internet is the speed of a Soviet days' tractor. It hardly moves. We have to increase it by two orders of magnitude. I think we are one of the few countries that is investing in broadband and combining both government investment with a private investor, and the electricity company simply because they're dug in the ground already. And so we're doing this tripartite effort, this triangular effort to push us into broadband, also to get prices to drop.

We understand that the key thing in the economy is competition. We need cellular phone competition to drive down prices. We need to give the basic services; the basic skeleton of the information economy has to be put in place and we're doing that. We're correcting deficiencies of a decade or two in record time. We're going to change that, but we're going to do other things. We are putting roads and railways. We're opening up land. Israel is a tiny country; we make it even tinier by an impossible land bureaucracy. This is a country that is sending satellites into space and put a micro camera into a pill, but it is still impossible in Israel to overcome bureaucracy and close a porch.

We’re changing that too. We just passed a major reform to have all these things come together so we have both an education drive upwards and an economic drive upwards, and I believe that this will ensure our growth over the next decade. But the real question is: what can we do beyond this and beyond our current investments in hi-tech and in conceptual products, what is it that we can do to ensure that have a competitive advantage in the industries of tomorrow? The question for us is: what are those industries?

I used to work for a consulting firm, so I’m the most suspicious person in the world about letting governments and politicians decide what are the industries of tomorrow. The markets do that far better. But when you’re where we are, that is a very high per capita performer and investor – that’s what Israel is – but you don’t have a critical mass of capital, both human and financial. You have to sometimes make certain decisions in order to get the cumulative mass to be in the race.

So we believe there are three areas that have growing demand, I believe certain demand, in which we can be very competitive. And I believe that not only industries in which we can thrive and succeed economically, I think they’re strategically important for Israel. Because of that, because of this triangulation, or if you will, the conjunction of the economic opportunity and strategic importance, we’re going to invest in them. The first one that I would mention is ending the world’s worst habit – the addiction to oil. This habit fuels terrorism and poisons the planet. So this is a strategic problem that demands a strategic response.

We’ve launched ambitious programs to encourage the development of technologies that can wean the world away from oil, and specifically from the use of gasoline in transportation. That is the number one problem. We plan to spend on this program 400 million dollars over the next decade, and in addition, we’ll provide generous tax incentives. We’re going to stay the course, but one of the problems that has been afflicting this area is that there has not been a consistent commitment to it. So we deliberately launched a 10-year program – we can always change the amounts. We can increase them, in other words, as our economy continues to grow, and as we see greater opportunities. We’re starting with this investment – 400 million dollars over the next decade.

At the same time, we’re also encouraging the development of a local market for electric cars. We expect Israel to be the laboratory for the alternative cars of tomorrow, and a global center for developing technologies and innovations in this field of transportation. We’re also working to make Israel as a global beta site for uses of natural gas and its byproduct as fuels for transportation.

All this may not seem like much in this huge and monumental field, but I’m glad to see that some of the greatest companies in the world, including General Motors, whose research director I spoke to today, have found Israel to be a great area to develop the technologies of transport tomorrow. We have shown that we know how to do more with less. But if we succeed in our combined efforts, we can literally change the world. This is something that changes the world, and I use my words advisedly.

There is a second area that is changing the world – not will change the world, is already changing the world. That area is cyber. Cyberspace is the arena of tomorrow. It has great opportunities, but it also presents enormous challenges for developed economies. We live in a world in which a few smart people, armed with a few computers, can cause enormous damage to our way of life. They can steal intellectual property; they can paralyze our banking system, our transport system, any system. They can wreak havoc on our banks and the list is endless. If you had to list the leading countries in cyber-capability in the world, I think you’d rank Israel in the top five. We don’t intend to be at the bottom of this list. We want to shoot right up to the top or – there’s always somebody there. We have great respect for our friends, but we think we can be a leading cyber-power.

So I’ve decided to establish and provide significant resources to a national cybernetic headquarters, to make sure that Israel remains at the forefront of this critical field. What we’re going to do is, again, build a triangle. We have our defense needs, but we also have private industry and we have our universities, academia. This program connects all three, and also gives money to them. The reason this is important is that some of you may have bank accounts. Probably if you have bank accounts in the leading American banks, your bank accounts are now protected by Israeli firms. One is based in Herzliya. And it’s actually protecting those accounts daily. Not just giving the software to do it, but actually performing the job of guarding those bank accounts now as we speak. Of course, we’re prepared to cooperate with other countries in this crucial field. It is a field that can have enormous business potential – enormous business potential. Not small, enormous. I think we have to invest there. We are investing there.

The third area that we’re focusing on is agri-tech. We remember the agrarian revolutions in the 19th century, but in the 21st century, we need an agricultural revolution because we have to feed the growing population. The good old forces of supply and demand are creating an enormous market opportunity, because you have large countries – you have India and China and others, billions of people who need to be fed. Growing populations, growing per capita income, growing demand for food and for energy, and that is cutting across the globe. So supplies of water and fuel and land are diminishing with these growing demands. We need today an agricultural revolution that brings together the innovations in hi-tech and industry and finance, and we think that we can provide both the technology and the dynamism to spearhead that revolution.

We have cutting-edge agricultural technologies that are embedded, believe it or not, in one of the leading centers that we have: it’s a government center and I think that it has to be put towards the market. In many ways, we did this with Rafael, our weapons authority, which has now become a very profitable company. But we have brilliant people working in a government center that was established decades ago, and it has great potential for both helping to feed the planet, but also creating very very profitable businesses, and the businesses could be that you develop crops for a country – we don’t have that much land and not that much water. But Russia has them; China has them; India has them; and we have now Israelis who are beginning projects in those countries by taking this technology and just applying. We can both innovate that technology, but also as with the guarding of the banking system, actually be there on-site. The businesses can grow and mushroom.

I think that these are the three areas that we’re going to focus on. I want you to be aware of them. There are many other areas that offer opportunity. I’m sure you’re here for that reason, and I encourage you to invest in Israel. I think you probably recognize what I’ve been talking about, and I just wanted to make sure that you knew of our consistent commitment for tomorrow. Not just for the present and yesterday, because we got here, but we don’t rest on our laurels. We think we constantly have to be competitive.

I said this in 2003 to some European investors when we were at the height of an economic crisis there. It was actually bigger than the one we had during the global meltdown. It was really a shrinking of the Israeli economy. We had the intifada, we had the hi-tech bubble that had just collapsed, but I thought that we had more structural problems that had to be corrected, and I frankly thought that we should use the crisis as an opportunity to make the great changes in freeing up our economy, which is essentially what we did. So, I was sitting with these 8 or 9 European investors, and I said: “You know, you really should invest in Israel.” And they said: “Why?” And I said: “Well, we’re going to do all this. You know, we’re going to reform our banks and we’re going to lower tax rates, which we have and continue to lower them. We’re going to cut government spending, which we did, and we’re going to do all these things – get people into the workplace…” and so on and so on. And about 15 minutes into this conversation, you could see that, well maybe this guy is crazy enough to do all these things. And then they said: “Well, what is it that we should invest in?” And I said: “Well, I don’t give stock tips. I’m the finance minister!” And they said: “Well, tell us.” And I said – and it’s the only stock tip I ever gave – “Well, I don’t know. Invest in the Tel Aviv stock exchange, in the Index. What’s the difference? Invest in a parking lot.”Most of them didn’t do it. One or two did. They made a lot of money. So my message to you today is: invest in Israel. It’s good for technology. It’s good for Israel. It’s good for the world. But there’s another reason. You’ll make a lot of money.

So good luck. Thank you very much.
