Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechterror090511



My brothers and sisters, sons and daughters of bereaved families,

Over the last few weeks, we were hit by murderous terror again.

The Fogel family from Itamar, the father Udi, a rabbi, the mother Ruth and their three children, 11-year-old Yoav, 4-year-old Elad, and Hadas, a baby, a baby girl of only four months, they were all slaughtered in their sleep by abominable murderers.

After them Daniel Viflic was slain near the Gaza border, when Hamas fired an anti-tank missile at the school bus in which he was riding.

Two weeks ago, yet another name was added to the Wall of Names that honors the victims of terror in our country: Ben Yosef Livnat. He was 25 when he died and left behind four orphans. Ben Yosef was murdered on his way to pray at Joseph's Tomb.

All of these victims, and thousands before them, were murdered for one simple reason: because they were Jews. Some non-Jews were also murdered, because they were together with Jews.

From this sacred mountain, from the foot of the Memorial for Victims of Terror I call out with a double response to those who are out to kill us.

First, we will strike you. We will strike you down with all our might. Just as we caught the murderers of the Fogel family, we will get you too.

A leopard has sunk its teeth in our flesh, in the flesh of our children, wives, our elderly, and we will not be tempted to believe that this leopard has now changed its spots. We will not ignore its voracious growls. We will strike you down.

Second, we will build our country in anticipation for the day in which we can live in it in peace with our neighbors.

"But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and the more they spread out" (Exodus 1:12).

The goal of terror is to inflict fear, to break our spirit, to drive us out of our country. Our response has always been to refuse to give in to that fear, to strengthen our spirit and to send our roots increasingly deeper in our homeland.

My friends, we have been fighting terror for 162 years. The name of the first terror victim is here on the Wall of Names, Rabbi Avraham Shlomo Zalman Tzoref.

Rabbi Avraham was one of the most prominent figures of the Jewish community in Jerusalem. One day, in the summer of 1851, while on his daily walk to synagogue for his morning prayer, he was attacked from behind by Arab rioters who hit him on his head and fatally wounded him. He fought for his life for three months before he succumbed.

But his death did not stop his legacy or the settling of the country, which his family continued. You have, no doubt, heard of this man's grandson. He was the renowned Yoel Moshe Salomon, one of the founders of Petach-Tikva, where my mother was born.

Six of his offspring fell in Israeli wars, sacrificing their own lives to ensure the continuity of the Jewish nation. Eventually, his descendents filled major positions in Israel's economy and in our public sector.

Our response to those who wish us dead is the same as the response of the Tzoref family. We say to you, you will not win, you will not intimidate us and you will not drive us out. We will bear our pain and protect our country. We will bite our lips and build our home.

Ladies and Gentlemen, today we bow our heads in memory of the sons and daughters, the brothers and sisters, the husbands and wives, the grandfathers and grandmothers whose lives were cut short by the blood-thirsty terrorists. We wish a full and speedy recovery to those injured in the terror acts.

May the memory of the thousands of terror victims be bound up in the bond of life, our bond of life that was promised to us owing to our sons holding the sword of David, owing to the strength of spirit of the Jewish people that holds on to its land, and builds the country to the glory of the Nation of Israel.