Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechjabo010811

Last week, I was moved. The Jabotinsky Institute brought me a copy of a book of letters written by Jabotinsky in 1936, which was recently published. The book moved me not only on a national level, but also on a personal one, because it contained a personal letter written by Ze’ev Jabotinsky in 1936 to my father, who was 26 at the time. It contains moving, even poetic, words about my late grandfather.

Three years after he sent that letter, in 1939, Jabotinsky invited my father, who was 29 at the time, to his residence in London. Jabotinsky lived in London because he believed, inter alia, that by concentrating efforts on British public opinion and the British government, the coming disaster for the Jewish people – which he clearly foresaw – could be dealt with.

With the outbreak of the Second World War, only one year before his death at age 60, he understood that the destruction of European Jewry, which he had warned against over the years and feared, was growing closer in giant strides. At the time, the Zionist movement and its actions were veiled in darkness. The British White Paper limited Jewish immigration to Israel to a ridiculous 75,000 Jews, whereas the Jewish population numbered millions and was meant to populate Israel, thus saving itself. However, this reservoir of humanity was trapped in Europe.

My father, Benzion Netanyahu, viewed the problem in a similar manner to Jabotinsky, but he believed that the international power that would help the Zionist movement and the Jewish people lay elsewhere – not in Britain, but rather in the United States. The United States, he believed, would soon be the strongest power in the world, a force that could support the idea of a Jewish state, and help realize it. Jabotinsky heard about these ideas, and he invited my father to London.

My father tells of his first meeting with Jabotinsky. He saw him for the first time and made a tremendous impression on him – Jabotinsky make a tremendous impression on my father – when he saw him here, at Armon Hanatziv [in Jerusalem] protesting to the British commissioner, the representative of the greatest power in the world. My father told me how amazed he was at Jabotinsky’s daring and his intensity.

To the best of my knowledge, that was the first time they sat and spoke, and that too made a strong impression on my father. He said he was already impressed with Jabotinsky’s ideas and his penetrating and quiet wisdom. He asked pointed questions that cut straight to the heart of the matter, without any arrogance or mannerisms – rational, simple, pointed and comprehensive questions.

In any event, Jabotinsky saw reason in my father’s ideas and he decided to move his activities to the United States. And my father, of course, joined him and moved with him to the Unites States as a member of the Revisionist delegation. Jabotinsky brought with him representatives from each country in which the movement was active – and my father was the representative from the Land of Israel. Very quickly, they prepared a plan for Jabotinsky to appear across the American continent. His first appearance was at a large gathering in Manhattan Center in New York. At this gathering, Jabotinsky made an unforgettable speech, an amazing speech, and his fellow delegates never imagined that they had just heard their leader give his final speech.

Several days later, on August 4, 1940, on the morning of the day Jabotinsky was supposed to give another speech, the bitter news about his death spread. My father was privileged to be among Jabotinsky’s pall-bearers, who did not have the opportunity to see the establishment of the Jewish state of which he dreamed, prophesied and worked towards. It was indeed established, and Jabotinsky still inspires us today.

The State of Israel was established in the middle of a difficult clash with our enemies, a clash which has continued, in one form or another, even until today, although we did succeed in achieving peace with Jordan and Egypt and we will continue to strive for lasting peace with all our neighbors who desire peace.

However, despite the struggle, Israel is a prosperous country. In 1948, upon its establishment, the standard of living here was not much different from our neighboring countries. Today our situation is immeasurably better, and we enjoy large and ongoing growth and an unemployment rate which is the lowest it has been for nearly 30 years. In the past two decades, Israel has been transformed into a technological powerhouse, and this is the era in which technology is the most important component for the growth of nations and developing economies.

However, the Speaker rightly said – and this is true of all countries – that at the same time there is prosperity, some social and economic problems have come to the fore for which the country must provide answers. As part of his widely-shared beliefs, Jabotinsky referred to these same questions in numerous articles. It is true that his first target was the Iron Wall. He said that existence is conditional first of all on the ability to deter enemies, and if needed, to repel them. He was convinced that when they finally believed that there was no hope of destroying us – they would eventually become reconciled with us and make peace.

However, in order for there to be an Iron Wall, it must also be built and that costs money. Iron costs a great deal of money. Building an iron wall takes a lot of money, and Jabotinsky well knew that security is dependent on the economy, and he spoke a great deal about the economy.

Regarding the social order, Jabotinsky placed the eradications of poverty and hunger at the top of his list of priorities. He was very clear on this subject, and he claimed that the Jewish state, when it was established, had to ensure the five elementary needs that are familiar to us. It must provide a basic safety net for all its citizens.

He understood that there would be changes beyond the basic safety net. These differences do exist, and Jabotinsky did not dismiss them, nor did he want to – but the first target was to prevent hunger and poverty. Alongside the war against poverty, and alongside the need to provide citizens with their most basic needs, he included the economy. He said that ownership, and I quote was “something that is organically inherent in the very idea of civilian freedom”.

So beyond the duty that a country has to take care of its citizens’ basic needs, Jabotinsky clearly wrote, “An economy must be free. The state should stop poverty, but cannot limit success and the pursuit of happiness, which is the result of success. “Struggle and ambition,” he said – and by ambition, he meant entrepreneurship – “an effort that is the result of an individual’s talent and competition in all fields: these add flavor to life and without them, life is not worth living.”

Jabotinsky believed in a competitive market. In other words, he believed that not only was competition desirous from an economic standpoint, but it was also just as it is part of an individual’s freedom of action, and above all else, Jabotinsky believed in the freedom of the individual. The truth is that competitive markets contributed more to extricating people from the cycle of poverty and increasing the standard of living than any other economic method in human history.

Over the past two decades, approximately one billion people escaped the cycle of chronic poverty, which lasted for thousands of years. I speak of Asia, of course. Chronic. They were kept there by countries and regimes. Some of them espoused social justice and social equality, and they were all equal – equally poor, in terrible distress. Only when they opened their markets to competition did one billion people – and soon, I believe, another billion will join them – escape poverty.

At the same time, however, it is important to define what a competitive market is, because in an open economy, as the result of competition, a state of lack of competition can be created. What begins as a competitive market can later be closed off by monopolies and cartels. In this situation, a government must encourage competition. By encouraging competition, I mean, first and foremost, in the private sector – which carries everything else, let there be no mistake. It, the companies, creates most of the added value. Businesspeople are an integral part of our economy. They fund security, and they finance the elementary needs.

The government does not create money; it consumes money, and the main added value comes from the private sector. We want to ensure that it operates from a competitive place, rather than from a lack of competitiveness. Therefore, the government must encourage competition, but there is no need, nor does it make sense to limit entrepreneurship and individual competitiveness. On the contrary, if a need exists, it is the need to fight against those who are trying, through various means, to unfairly limit competition. Limiting competition almost always is at the expense of the citizen – in the guise of higher prices, shortages and substandard service.

And we, Mr. Speaker, are obligated to act to fix these distortions in the economy, which is fundamentally healthy. I also want to ensure that we do not make a mistake and go too far in the other direction – at its core, the economy is healthy, and is founded on a vibrant and productive private sector. We are obligated to fix these distortions in a measured and responsible fashion so that we do not cut down the tree from which we are picking the fruits.

Regarding the current crisis, Jabotinsky said something that I believe is brilliantly applicable. He said, “The strength of a bourgeoisie regime,” which is what democratic-liberal regimes were called then, “is not only in its ability to absorb shocks without being undermined, but in including them in its rule,” adding, “thus ensuring for itself an unlimited number of possibilities for improvement. I believe in the stability of such a system”.

In other words, he believed that free, democratic regimes are capable of fixing themselves. That is what we are doing right now. We will rectify the distortions, the injustices that persisted for years, and Jabotinsky’s approach is correct. He understood that not only is social justice not opposed to a free market, but social justice is, in fact, dependent on a free market.

We also saw what happened in certain sections of the Eastern Bloc or even the entire Eastern Bloc, which said that social justice was opposed to the free market, and we see what is happening in other parts of the world, but we know what we need to do. There are certain fixes we need to make in each of the five elementary needs.

First and foremost, and the most serious need, is housing. In this situation, the cartel is not in the private market; it is much worse – it is a government cartel. We are fixing this, and I won’t expand further as you all know that we are trying to reduce the terrible, asphyxiating bureaucratic burden. It is a cartel, because I not only include the Israel Land Administration in this example, but I also include the district planning committees, and I think that both of these together constitute a cartel.

Maybe MK Bar-On was correct: to be accurate, it is a monopoly, a government monopoly. Take one of the smallest countries in the world; take over 90% of its land; give it over to a government monopoly; and place two faucets with seals over them. We want to open these seals.

The second elementary need from which the citizens of Israel are suffering is food, and that too is in the hands of cartels that, historically, were under government control, or half-government control, and we are trying to change that. We began with the dairy market, and if necessary – we will continue dealing with this.

The fact that we have a free economy allows us to deal with the other elementary needs. In education – when there is money in the till, billions can be provided for higher education, and now for other reforms. Social justice cannot be achieved, nor can the necessary remedy be provided, without growth, without the tree growing its fruit. If we just pick and pick, and do not till, water and prune the tree – it cannot bear fruit more quickly – anyone can pick the fruits, but at the same time, we must grow the tree. The fact that we have a flowering economic tree allows us also to do what must be done to deal with the education system.

I will not speak about clothing, because one of the things that happened, and Dan Meridor raises this from time to time, is that the markets were opened to importation, and competition reduces clothing prices. We do not produce textile or clothes here any more. We buy them at a fairly competitive price because it is open to competition.

The final elementary need, health care, is another field we need to deal with, and this problem will be resolved because it is in our power to do so today. We have the resources. This problem can and will be resolved, because we have the resources to provide the answer. We are already doing so partially– free dental care, adding positions; but there is more work to be done, and I hope we will soon be nearing a solution.

Jabotinsky was a great believer in the most fundamental values of democracy: freedom, individual rights and genuine equal opportunities. He died 71 years ago, but his social, political and security beliefs – the roots of which are deeply embedded in the Bible and in the heritage of our people – are incorporated in his aspiration to establish Israel as a free, prosperous and just society.
