Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoketrach260911



Members of the committee on socio-economic change, which was appointed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and chaired by Prof. Manuel Trajtenberg, submitted their recommendations today to Prime Minister Netanyahu.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said:

"The goal that we set for ourselves was to lower the cost of living. We understood that the reality in which Israelis pay too much for education and social services must change. I asked the committee members to submit recommendations which would make life easier for Israeli citizens and lower the cost of living in the country.

I must admit that Prof. Trajtenberg and the committee members did the unbelievable – in a short time. They succeeded in studying the issue in depth, in bringing the public into the committee's discussions, and in formulating recommendations to correct the distortions in the economy.

Implementing the Trajtenberg committee's conclusions, along with the recommendations of the committee on cartelization, will – in the end – lead to Israelis being able to purchase, and do, more with their money.

The conclusions of the Trajtenberg committee are indeed good news for education, for social welfare and for changing the Israel's economic priorities vis-a-vis childcare, distortions in taxation, competition, lowering import duties, lowering housing costs, etc.

The conclusions of the Trajtenberg committee which have been submitted to me, along with the conclusions of the committee on cartelization, are an important milestone for the Israeli economy and society.

For decades no such comprehensive reform has been enacted in the Israeli economy and here, we are talking about two gigantic reforms within a week.

The security of Israeli citizens heads my Government's list of priorities; the security budget is, and remains, the largest budget among the various ministries.

However, increasing efficiency and transparency in the security establishment are two important components that will facilitate improving Israelis' social welfare.

I would like to thank Prof. Manuel Trajtenberg and the members of his committee."