Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokecherum090111



At the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that, "We are submitting a comprehensive, NIS 800 million proposal for home front emergency preparedness and disasters. It will provide for both fires and earthquakes. NIS 350 million will be allocated to establishing an upgraded national fire service and an aerial firefighting force. The new fire service will be part of the Public Security Ministry and I have instructed that the aerial firefighting force begin operations within a few months.

In the first stage, we will lease planes. In the second stage, we will buy planes. I spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper last Friday regarding possible bilateral arrangements to purchase Canadian planes, which are the best in the world for this kind of mission."

According to the decision, NIS 350 million will be allocated to earthquake preparedness and rehabilitating the Home Front Command's firefighting abilities. The allocation will also serve for establishing emergency centers in the local council areas, a communications network for emergency bodies and acquiring equipment for the evacuation of 400,000 people.

An additional NIS 350 million will be allocated to the Fire Service and for the establishment of an aerial firefighting force. NIS 100 million will serve as a supplement to be used for these same goals in emergency situations, according to need.

An authority, led by the Director-General of the Public Security Ministry, will be responsible for the establishment of a national fire service by the end of 2012. The authority will advance legislation regarding a national fire service law by October 2011 and will conduct a dialogue with the firefighters' unions.

It will be recalled that the team of director-generals approved

an allocation of NIS 80 million in assistance

for those communities that were damaged in the Carmel wildfire and in order to provide rental assistance for families whose homes were burnt. On Sunday, 2.1.11,

the Cabinet approved the transfer of NIS 15 million to rehabilitate and upgrade infrastructures in the aforesaid communities

It was decided to refer the issues of evacuation, nursing care and the deceased to a separate Cabinet discussion.