Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokebible091211



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is restarting the tradition of the Bible study class that was held when David Ben-Gurion and Menachem Begin served as prime minister.

Prime Minister Netanyahu announced the foregoing at a service marking the completion of 30 day s since the passing of his father-in-law, the late

Shmuel Ben-Artzi

. The service was held at the Givat Shaul cemetery in Jerusalem, in the section for

Irgun

veterans. In addition to the Prime Minister, several of his late father-in-law's family members and students – including Gadi Sukenik and Dudu Fisher – also spoke.

The Bible study class will be named after the late Shmuel Ben-Artzi, who was a researcher, educator and great Bible teacher, and who raised generations of students and teachers. He was a writer and poet who wrote several books on the Bible.

The Bible study class – in which Bible researchers, public figures and citizens, who will be invited, will participate – will be held at Prime Minister Netanyahu's official residence in Jerusalem.

During the week of mourning after Ben-Artzi's passing, thousands visited the Prime Minister's Residence, including President Shimon Peres. Rabbis, ministers and MKs from all factions, as well as Sara Netanyahu's psychologist and teacher colleagues, and friends. Friends and teachers of Avner and Yair Netanyahu also visited, along with Shmuel Ben-Artzi's doctors, students and friends, and the many friends and members of the Ben-Artzi and Netanyahu families. Sara Netanyahu also received condolence visits from many citizens who felt the need to participate in the family's grief, and many condolence telegrams, including from heads of state around the world, including US President Barack Obama, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Canadian Prime Minister Steven Harper and many others.

Earlier in the week, at the memorial ceremony for David Ben-Gurion, Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "I recall the famous Bible study class he established. I learned that my father-in-law, Shmuel Ben-Artzi of blessed memory, who was a writer and Bible teacher his whole life, played an active role in that class. When Ben-Gurion reached the age of 80, Shmuel travelled to Sde Boker, here, with his family, including my wife, who at the time was a young child. They came to celebrate the birthday of the former Prime Minister with Ben-Gurion and the other members of the class.

Ben-Gurion understood that the Book of Books is our mandate for our country, as he said in that same unforgettable statement before the Peel Commission in 1936. He viewed the Bible as the wondrous story of the Jewish people, the unique spiritual, cultural and historic heritage of our people, and also as one of the cornerstones of all of human culture.

Ben-Gurion believed that every boy and girl in Israel must learn the Bible; they must be familiar with it and draw inspiration from it – from its cultural, linguistic and spiritual treasures. He was a devotee of the Bible and the Hebrew language, but not at the expense of general and scientific studies."