Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart050611



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today, we mark the 44th anniversary of the outbreak of the

Six Day War

. Egypt had previously closed the Straits of Tiran, directed approximately 100,000 soldiers into Sinai and made a military alliance against Israel with Syria and Iraq , which promised and dispatched soldiers for use against besieged Israel .

We asked Jordan not to join the war. To our regret, we were answered in the negative and Israel stood on three fronts against a great number of armies and in brilliant actions of a few days' fighting, broke the strangling ring that threatened our existence. Of course, this ensured our future and also enabled us to the areas of our forefathers.

To my regret, today, there are extremist elements around us that are trying to break through our borders and threaten our communities and our citizens. We will not allow them to do so. I have instructed the security forces to act with determination, with maximum restraint, but with determination to maintain our sovereignty, our borders, our communities and our citizens.

Today, we will also approve additional measures to deal with the housing distress being faced by young couples in particular and all Israelis in general. We know that a comprehensive solution lies in the major reforms at the Israel Land Administration, which must be completed by legislation regarding workers' pensions, and we will do so in the Knesset in the coming weeks. The second step is, of course, is to bypass the planning bureaucracy, which we will also try to complete before the summer recess.

But there are additional measures, two of which Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz is bringing today, and I thank you, Yuval, for them. They will provide incentives to bring thousands of existing apartments into the residential housing market. The first apartments are those which serve as offices. The Government is saying that for 18 months, these apartments which are converted from offices to residences will be exempt from betterment tax. This is one encouragement.

The second encouragement is those apartments that have been built as investments; starting in 18 months, betterment tax will apply to them. This is a very large number, potentially tens of thousands of apartments. I cannot say how many will be realized; we hope thousands of apartments and perhaps more. All of this will ease the housing situation. When there are more apartments, we will cause the trend in prices to change direction and go down. In any case, these are important steps which the Cabinet will decide upon today.

In two days, we will celebrate the Shavuot holiday. It is written [Exodus 34:22], 'And you shall observe the feast of weeks [in Hebrew – shavuot], even of the first-fruits of the wheat harvest.' We have here wheat and barley, fruit, vegetables and cheese, and especially children, wonderful children from the Lachish region, and I am very happy to welcome you here in Jerusalem , on one of our pilgrimage festivals. Lachish , which was under siege and fell, is being rebuilt,

even ancient Lachish as well. We are planning to rehabilitate the archaeological site

but the nicest thing is the revival of the Jewish People in the Lachish region, the best expression of which is right here, and I am very pleased to welcome you."

Omri, a boy from the Lachish area, greeted Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We, the children of the

Lachish Regional Council

area, along with Council Chairman Danny Moravia, our school principal, Ms. Yonat Rosenfeld and members of the Council are moved and honored to present you, Mr. Prime Minister, and you, Israel Government ministers, with this Shavuot basket of produce, and we would like to wish you and the entire Jewish People, a happy holiday."