Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokearad060311



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today took his leave of Dr. Uzi Arad, who has concluded his duties as National Security Adviser and Chairman of the

National Security Council

, and wished him well in the future. Members of the Security Cabinet, the seven-member ministerial forum, senior officials from the Prime Minister's Bureau, senior NSC officials and other guests were also in attendance, as were his wife, Dr. Ruth Arad, and his daughters, Dr. Orna Arad and Dr. Dorit Ben-Ami.

Prime Minister Netanyahu noted Dr. Uzi Arad's work and contribution in upgrading the NSC: "Dr. Arad has served at my side more than once in senior positions regarding foreign and security affairs. During my first term, he served as a diplomatic adviser and during my current term, as a national security adviser. Uzi strengthened the National Security Council, which I established a dozen years ago, and led it to the highest level it has ever known, in every respect: Functioning, participating in decision-making, the quality of its personnel, etc. Uzi has creator's and developer's rights to the NSC. To each of his posts, Uzi has brought with him professional abilities of the highest caliber.

Uzi has added materials, understanding, knowledge, an ability to link the past and the present, an ability to look towards the future, an essential reservoir that anyone who seeks to lead must have, and has thus made major contributions to national security and the status of the country. Only a few are truly aware of the size and scope of this contribution."

Dr. Arad thanked Prime Minister Netanyahu and noted that, "Already in your first term, I found in you a leader of stature who could lead and guide policies at a high and professional level. In your second term, when you called on me to serve as National Security Adviser, the mission also included upgrading and changing the NSC, while carrying out its ongoing tasks. This mission fell upon me and I took it seriously. I enjoyed your backing, without which the job has no meaning. I believe in the NSC and hope that my colleagues and my successor will advance it in the future."

Finance Minister Dr. Yuval Steinitz, the head of the Prime Minister's staff, Natan Eshel, diplomatic adviser Ron Dermer, the Prime Minister's adviser on diplomatic visits, Edna Halvani and Deputy National Security Adviser Avriel Bar-Yosef, also paid tribute to Dr. Arad.