Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoketrain120411



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz today attended a ceremony in which they were presented with the outline of

the planned Ashkelon-Be'er Sheva railway line

The line from Ashkelon to Be'er Sheva will be approximately 60 kilometers long. The NIS 2 billion plan has been declared a national project by the Government. It includes – inter alia – stations in Sderot, Netivot and Ofakim and 18 railway bridges. A freight terminal is due to be built in Netivot, which will encourage factories to move to the area and is expected to create new jobs.

The railway line is expected to begin operating between Ashkelon and Netivot in 2013 and between Netivot and Be'er Sheva by 2015. A trip from Ashkelon to Be'er Sheva will be shortened to approximately 45 minutes. 157,000 trips are expected on the line in 2015.

Prime Minister Netanyahu noted that Israel is currently undergoing a transportation revolution that will link all parts of the country: "With the approval of this project, the outline of which has been presented here, and with investment in the national roads project, we are joining the entire country together: The center to the Galilee and the Negev, and all parts of the Negev. We are also allowing entrepreneurs to enter the picture, are carrying out a revolution in lands and planning, and are laying the infrastructure for growth engines for great socio-economic development. Israel's economic strength is important for achieving peace and security. Everyone involved in this project is contributing to Israel's national strength."

Transportation Minister Katz said that the Government is laying the infrastructures and added that the people already know how to translate this into practical success in all areas: "Investments in infrastructures will make this wonderful place even more attractive. I can assure you that just as there will be a rail line to Netivot, there will also be one to Eilat, thanks to the Prime Minister's support."