Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart030411

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"There are very few instances in which those who disseminate libels retract their libel. This happened in the case of the Goldstone Report. Goldstone himself said that all of the things that we have been saying all along are correct – that Israel never intentionally fired at civilians and that our inquiries operated according to the highest international standards. Of course, this is in complete contrast to Hamas, which intentionally attacked and murdered civilians and, naturally, never carried out any sort of inquiry. This leads us to call for the immediate cancellation of the Goldstone Report.

I have asked National Security Council Chairman Yaakov Amidror to convene a special staff meeting of people from the Foreign, Justice and Defense ministries to formulate practical and public diplomacy measures, in order to reverse and minimize the great damage that has been done by this campaign of denigration against the State of Israel. I expect their recommendations in the coming days. We will act on the public diplomacy front, and on other fronts, with the international community and the UN in order to demand the justice that is due to Israel.

The end of last month marked two years since this Government took office. This is the first Cabinet meeting to mark this date. In the last two years, the Government has carried out significant actions in all areas of life.

We have been accepted into the OECD; we lead this organization in the rate of growth. Last year alone, we created 110,000 jobs, i.e. unemployment has gone down. We are paving highways and laying railroads in a multi-year plan with a budget of close to NIS 30 billion. We are investing billions in education, including higher, primary and secondary education. The Communications Ministry has lowered cellular transfer fees and is fighting monopolies in the communications field. We are building a fence along the southern border against infiltrators. We have enacted free dental care for children up to age eight. For the first time, we are adding hundreds of hospital beds, which the health system and Israeli citizens badly need. We are investing in innovative environmental protection projects, including national parks near Be'er Sheva, Tel Aviv and Haifa.

The foregoing is only a little of what all of the ministries have done. There have been impressive achievements in tourism, an all-time record of 3.5 million tourists. There has been progress in Science and Technology Ministry, in the Industry, Trade and Labor Ministry, and in many other ministries. We are establishing an urban policing system within the Public Security Ministry. There is a major national heritage plan. We will issue an exhaustive review of all these items.

We know that this activity encompasses all Government ministries and it is proper that there be a preliminary, albeit partial, publication in order to list the facts and enable the truth to be known. I would like to thank all those ministers who dealt, and are dealing, with the matter. This is important work for the State of Israel."
