Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmarker120111



Thank you and hello to you all.

My friend and partner, Minister of Finance Yuval Steinitz,

Members of Knesset who deal with the economy: I see two of my colleagues here – Ofir Okunis who just finished his important position on the Finance Committee. Have you noticed that it has become a very important committee in the Knesset? My friend, Carmel Shama can testify to that. I expect that they will continue the important policy we have been implementing. I will discuss it at length later on.

Of course, hello to the head of the National Economic Council, Professor Eugene Kandel, who works with me a great deal and tries to convince me how important it is to institutionalize the process of determining strategy. I welcome the opportunity to discuss this with you, leaders and heads of the Israeli economy.

I thank you, publisher of the Ha’aretz Newspaper and The Marker, Amos Shoken,

Founder and editor-in-chief of The Marker, Guy Rolnick, a man of vision; anything successful is the result of a vision.

Editor of The Marker, Sammy Peretz,

And Eitan Avriel,

I mention all these people because over the years, I have had the opportunity to speak with a great many of them and have seen them at work, as well as witness the thought processes that led to their work – each in their own field, but also together in an effort to propel Israel’s economy forward. This is indeed our goal. This is the purpose of the discussions you held here, discussions to which I attribute great importance because they help determine, in a formal manner, a process that is at times not formal. At times, the process occurs automatically or partially, and at times because there is not enough awareness of it, it does not occur at all.

Determining strategy is necessary. Good strategy and mediocre implementation will always win out over mediocre strategy and excellent implementation – always. However, without a doubt, good strategy and good implementation beat everything else. That is why our goal is to present the State of Israel with a good, even excellent, national economic strategy and to implement that same vision and point of view in the best possible fashion that we can.

What is the goal of strategy? The goal is to achieve a competitive advantage. By the way, this is true of all situations: it is true in army units; it is true in economic firms; it is true for any body. The goal is to achieve a competitive advantage and maximize the competitive advantage. It was always necessary to do so, but it is much more necessary in a global economy. It is necessary because, first and foremost, the price of failure is enormous. Countries compete with one another just as much as companies do – for markets, for capital, for entrepreneurs, for technology – and within an economy that is becoming increasingly global and mobile and more open and accessible, the most talented people can move from place to place. If you don’t have that same competitive advantage, they will go somewhere else. Some countries that are not so far away from here have discovered that and paid a heavy cost. The stronger the competition is, the more dynamic, the more exhilarating, the greater the need for a clear strategy to maximize the competitive advantage and engage all the competitive factors that create added value in an economy – and this need will only grow.

Over the past 20 years, we have acted in fragments. First in fragments of strategy at the end of the 1980’s and beginning of the 1990’s, as the economy was exposed to importation. This was a very important step that obligated us to compete – this was the first thing.

We imported tremendous human capital from the former Soviet Union. This also increased the GNP and the per capita GNP, because tremendously talented people arrived – this was the second contribution.

The third contribution was, of course, a curse that became a blessing – and the curse was our need for a highly technologically advanced army, which served as the foundation for Israel’s hi-tech industry.

There was another component that played a part in this process, and of course I refer to the freeing of the currency markets, without which there would not be a free market and foreign currency – both of which were necessary to implement several of the points I mentioned.

This brought us to a high point by the end of the first decade of the new century, but we were still far behind the major European countries. Our per capita GNP was approximately two-thirds of that of most European countries, including the less developed European countries, and we were unsuccessful in closing the gaps. We couldn’t bridge the gaps even though we have a human component that is so strong and so talented. We have talent in Israel across the entire population, and there are sparks of genius here. We are entering into the age of knowledge; and as a country, we had all the building blocks, but we still were only at two-thirds of most Western economies. And then the crisis hit.

I noticed, and I know you also noticed because I have spoken with you about it, but the reason we lagged behind was not because we were a young country. Theoretically, one could say that other countries had more time to advance – they had tens if not hundreds of years to build their economies, so what could we expect? That we would close the gap so quickly? The answer is yes. That is exactly what I expect and it is exactly what happened in other countries, in Singapore or Ireland or other countries. They not only closed the gap, they created a new one. They grew so fast and they surpassed the $10,000 per capita income, to $20,000, $25,000, even $30,000. They continued to grow at 4%, 5%, 6% per year, which is not a given with such high per capita income levels – but they did it. They did it because it was the end result of a certain strategy that propelled them upwards. I thought we also needed a clear strategy that would propel us upwards and begin to close this gap and close it quickly, one that would lead to growth of 5% per year, which would substantially help to close the gap or at least rapidly narrow it.

In order to create this change, in order to implement a strategy that includes change, you have to want to change, because if you don’t want to change, you can not do anything and continue on the same path. In order to change, you need three things.

The first thing you need is a vision. The second is political power in order to realize that vision. The third thing you need is political will. These are the things that are necessary today, and they were necessary at the beginning of the previous decade. I always say that it is desirable to implement changes in agreement – it is desirable, but there is not always agreement. Let me correct myself: many of you in this auditorium did agree and even supported these changes, and I feel that Israel’s economy owes you a great deal, but one cannot say that there was broad consensus. On the contrary: there was broad resistance. But then the crisis struck. There are two situations during which substantial strategic changes can be made – the first is when there is broad consensus and the second is during a crisis.

When we experienced the crisis in 2002 and 2003, I felt that the situation should be taken advantage of, not only in order to extract ourselves from it, but also to create far-reaching changes in the Israeli economy that would allow for that same steady growth of 5% per year. There was a vision, there was political force – there was a very accommodating coalition at the time, and we had the backing of then-Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, which was critical – and there was also will. The leadership was willing, and many of you were also very supportive, but it was during a crisis and there was disagreement. However, the fact that there was a vision and that there were three additional components of a clear direction, satisfactory political force and political will allowed us to make those far-reaching changes. But to make them, we first needed to do something that, politically, is extremely difficult – and that is controlling expenditures or rather controlling the rate at which government expenditures increase. This is very difficult. The first cut, to allowances – especially the drastic change in child allowances – was very difficult and hurt many sectors of the population. This was very, very difficult. We also implemented pension reform; a reform of the capital market; we reduced taxes; we lowered the tax rates; and at least a dozen other important changes that increased the level of freedom in the economy. This change – the move to a market economy, to a freer economy – was at the center of an enormous argument, but it created movement and growth, and that helped close the gaps.

If one looks at other countries, some of them did not make these changes and that is why they experienced problems recently. They’re trying to make them now, but they are experiencing problems, and I believe that some of these problems stem from a fundamental question that comes up in each viewpoint, in each vision, and that is the question of the culture guiding the dividing of the cake versus increasing the size of the cake. This is a very old argument, and it is not a simple one. I don’t want to simplify it, but it relates to the interrelationship between the economy and society. I liken it to the relationship between a tree and its fruit. Any government can pick the tree’s fruit. They can pick the fruits of the economic tree with a generous hand – it is not difficult – and distribute them to the public during a limited period of time. However, with a lack of additional actions, within a season or two, the economic tree will stop producing fruit, and that is why the government must water, encourage and fertilize the tree so that it continues bearing fruit and growing. There can be no steady supply of fruit unless the tree grows. Dividing up the fruit must be done in such a manner that those who are truly in need – and not just fictitiously – are those who get the fruit. Social sensitivity is only possible if the economy is free. A correct policy combines both. It merges personal responsibility with mutual responsibility.

Again, this requires a change in perception. We must encourage all those who can work to do so. This is not easy. It also entails a relatively long process. We know that in our case, there are entire sectors that must join the labor force – in agreement if possible, by providing various incentives. We are witnessing a change – although there are those who do not see it and tend to dismiss it. A change is taking place.

Yesterday, I visited the Nahal Haredi army unit, a body established when I first served as Prime Minister. I met young orthodox men there in uniform – an ultra-orthodox unit. They told me that in the beginning, when they would go home, they would remove their uniforms at the central bus station before they got home. Now when they come home, their uniforms hang on the clothes line to dry. Not only are they not ashamed of their military service, they are proud of it. What is interesting about this unit is that after they serve two years, during their third year, they take courses in a variety of fields: in practical engineering, technical occupations, etc. This is beginning to trickle down. I told them that our existence here is dependent on our ability to survive. Peace is dependent on our ability to brandish the sword of David, but as everyone knows, the sword costs money, and therefore Israel’s citizens have two missions: to share both in the burden of defense and in the burden of earning a living – although the burden of earning a living is not a burden, it is a great privilege. It affords honor to the individual earning a living and usually significantly improves his income. There is a change occurring and we have to encourage this trend of entering the labor force so that people who can work will work, so that we can help the sick and the infirm and the elderly, and in order to provide our children with quality educations. It is a winning combination: personal responsibility and mutual responsibility – an economic policy that combines a growing economy with responsible social policy. We must maintain this policy, water the tree, encourage the tree, fertilize the tree, grow the fruit.

How can we grow the fruit? First, Eugene and Haim Shani: Yuval Steinitz and I asked you to prepare an orderly but dynamic system, one that adapts all the time to match our plans, to determine principal direction the State of Israel should take over the next 15 years. Again, from examples I can give you from other countries, this is no small matter. It is a valuable step, and I say this based on personal experience. It will allow us to narrow the gaps. We have reached a state in which we are approaching the main European countries. If I am not mistaken, we have already surpassed Greece, and I believe we are rapidly approaching Spain; we’re not far from France and Britain according to the last “Economist”. I refer to PPP, to purchasing power parity. With regard to per capita GNP, we are very close to these countries. We were far away and began climbing rapidly. Since 2004, we climbed extremely rapidly, and when the crisis struck, we survived it because of this “give”, but also because of other important steps taken by the government in its economic policy – including adopting the first biennial budget in the world, and now the second. People from around the world come here to learn from us about this. Of course we took other steps to stabilize the economy. We got through the crisis in better shape than almost any other Western economy.

We created between 100,000 and 120,000 new jobs. For comparison’s sake, if the United States were to create jobs in a similar scope, they would have created 5 million new jobs. In fact, they only created slightly over one million. Israel leads OECD countries. When we joined the OECD, we were experiencing growth, although this is no guarantee for the future. We narrowed gaps and overcame the crisis, but nothing is guaranteed because other economies are still working, competitors are still active, new competitors are entering the market, so how can we create understanding regarding the main foci of our activity? It is not easy because economics is not an intuitive discipline. It is constantly preoccupied with and focused on the question of distribution – 99% of public discourse about the economy focuses on the question of how to divide the cake, rather than increasing the cake. However, the ability to divide the cake in an equal, better, more just and larger fashion is dependent on increasing the size of the cake, and that is almost never acceptable to discuss publicly. So how do we do it?

I think we cannot rest on our laurels, and I think we are entering an even more competitive era. The speed of changes, of competition, how fast capital moves, the speed at which entrepreneurs move, the ability of the most talented people– some of whom are here in this auditorium – to just up and leave. How do we preserve our advantage? How do we ensure the continued growth that is so crucial to ensuring the character of the country? I’ll go even further – how can we ensure continued growth of 4%, 5% or even 6%, because without such growth, we will not be able to finance our needs: for society, education, health and above all, for security – needs which will only increase and increase all the time. By the way, even during peace, they will increase. In any event, they will increase because new technologies threaten us and because of the neighborhood in which we live. Moses made a good choice – I have no complaints – but there is a cost to that choice. We are here, we will stay here, but in order to stay here – as a developing, developed and secure nation – we need a growing economy. Only a strong country can have peace; peace is not made with the weak. Some of our strength is our ability to develop that same economic growth to which peace can also contribute, but not ensure.

We had peace with one country, an extraordinary peace: cooperation between leaders, many meetings, security cooperation and extensive trade. This country was Iran, and the peace evaporated overnight. We also had peace with another country. We had all the things I just described, plus military cooperation and military exercises, and each year, 400,000 Israelis would visit there. How many of you have been to Turkey? That is the second country. I hope our relations with Turkey will be restored and be even better than before. What happened certainly wasn’t our choice. Achieving peace does not ensure its realization. What ensures its realization more than anything else is our ability to defend the peace and develop relations that are worthwhile with populations and regimes that surround us through economic and other developments. Therefore, by any measure, as part of our national strategy, we must develop a strong economy. I think there is not only broad agreement about this, there is full agreement about this, even among all of you.

In my opinion, there are five areas that we must advance in the next decade that can help provide us with this growth. The first area, which I already mentioned, is participation in the labor market. Before I continue, let me mention something which seems trivial, but is essential. It appears trivial, but is not at all trivial. First of all, we must watch the bottom line. We determined a new fiscal rule, not without some trepidation, as I mentioned, but it protects us. We will not do some of the things that other countries did. They began spending; they began borrowing indiscriminately. Here, that cannot happen; we can’t help but watch our spending. Like a family that doesn’t watch its spending, if we don’t watch our spending, we will go bankrupt very quickly. So this sounds trivial, but it is necessary: if the fiscal framework is not maintained, anything I mention next is worthless.

What are specific things we can do in addition to these important rules I already mentioned? I believe there are five areas. Some of them are the result of shortcomings we have here. Each shortcoming, each obstacle is not really an obstacle – it is an opportunity. If we grew 5% per year each year since 2004 – except for during the crisis – if we grew without participation in the labor force, and the labor force is made up of only part of our population, that means that we have tremendous potential for growth. If we maintain this policy that incentivizes and encourages joining the labor market, we can clearly have additional growth. This is the first thing: increasing participation in the labor market.

The second obstacle here in Israel is actually quite a large one. I always say, try to build something here. Everything we did here in terms of growth was accomplished without a construction market – certainly without development of the Negev and the Galilee as it is difficult to reach these areas. It is even more difficult to get a planning or building permit there. Our 5% growth occurred even in the absence of a huge growth engine that exists in many countries. We are at the bottom of the global list of developed countries in terms of difficulty in building roads, in purchasing land and in building on that land. We are, more or less, the least-developed developed country. That’s an understatement. Again, this is a tremendous opportunity, because the engine of construction is a powerful one. So what we are focusing on now is combining two things: laying out transportation networks, roads and trains, mostly in the north and the south, but also in the center of the country; while at the same time, we are in the midst of an effort to reform the Knesset Planning and Construction Committee. This reform must be implemented as it will ease the provision of construction permits. It will take an effort, but we are not giving up. Of course, transparency and balance are both important in this process. On the one hand, one wants oversight, but on the other hand, one wants speed, and the two must be balanced. The current situation is certainly not balanced, that is clear, because otherwise we wouldn’t be located at the bottom of the world-wide rankings, and we are. So the second thing that must be done is reforming construction and developing infrastructure.

The third thing is connecting some of these infrastructures in a manner that will fully utilize our geographic advantage. We are at a global, historic and geopolitical crossroads, and we are not profiting from that at all. We want to do so in two ways: the first is a physical connection through the railway line we are currently planning. Many people are interested in it. I refer to the railway line between the Red Sea and the Mediterranean, between Eilat to Ashdod and Tel Aviv. This will not only help develop the Negev and the Arava region, it will also provide a physical connection for goods to move through in situations in which there is a surplus or traffic in the Suez Canal. I can tell you that Egypt, with great wisdom, built a parallel railway line in such incidences, and there is no reason that we cannot build a parallel line, so we are building it. The Minister of Transportation is currently rapidly advancing the planning and there is great interest around the world.

At the same time, we are currently building the Jezreel Valley railway line. It will include a railway line for tourism, which is fine, but it is not the main point. We will connect Haifa with the bridges over the Jordan River and the Sheikh Hussein Bridge. This allows for a connection with the East – I won’t go into detail here, you can read between the lines. This will allow for the movement of goods eastwards and westwards. It will happen. We are laying transportation networks and moving away from having the population concentrated in the center of the country. We are developing transportation in the Galilee and Negev regions, and we want not only to develop transportation inside the country, we want to join with other countries in the region in peaceful relations – economic peace no less than political peace. The moment we all begin profiting from peace, the peace will grow stronger.

The fourth component is clearly hi-tech. This is our unmistakable relative advantage. We have been advancing it and will continue to do so, including at the centers of excellence we are establishing. We are beginning to reverse the brain drain, and Israelis are returning from the best universities around the world to Israel. We are subsidizing this return because we believe it provides us with tremendous potential.

The final thing is actually three things: education, education and education. One can say education is their goal, but without funding, it is empty words. However, we are investing in education and have determined an allocation of NIS 7 billion over the next five years for higher education. For many years, there was no such allocation of funds. This is one of the more welcome changes introduced by the Minister of Education and Manuel Trajtenberg. It is a very important change, as is the new agreement with the teachers, which includes rewarding teachers for excellence. It is important to fully implement the “New Horizon” program. These are changes that previous had been spoken about, but we realized them because we believe in improving education, and it is important that I pass this belief on.

The largest success of our economic strategy is that it has been adopted by successive governments. People are beginning to understand the advantage in it. Usually, once you pass a reform – like liberalizing currency – it is not rescinded because people can see the huge advantage the reform has on their lives, their incomes and their comfort. Usually, once you implement reform, it exists, but there is importance in embracing an economic policy, and the greatest success is that the current policy is not the legacy of one prime minister or minister of finance or government, but is ongoing – that is what happened with this policy. We succeeded in implementing a strategy. Therefore, our goal is to adopt a strategy that has enjoyed broad support over several years. I attribute great importance to the process of developing this strategy, and this Conference is a part of this process – a process that we are conducting within the government and you are conducting outside it. In fact, we are joining forces with the purpose of determining goals through dialogue this time. I am certain I will hear other opinions or other directions. I have no intention of declaring a monopoly or claiming the final word in this matter, but rather to outline directions and encourage mutual productivity.

Why is this important? Because we are not in a crisis. In a crisis, one can take advantage and move quickly, but the greatest challenge is when there is no crisis and everyone thinks that everything is fine. They don’t understand that we must always adapt ourselves to the changing world, because if we don’t, we will reach a crisis point. That is why the goal of dialogue is to introduce an agreed-upon national strategy at a time when there is no crisis. This test is no less important, and in some measure even more difficult, but I don’t think anyone here is deterred from undertaking it; otherwise you wouldn’t be having this discussion. There is no reason to be deterred because we are a nation with experience in realizing visions in a manner that no one else has done. If you want an example of someone who had a vision in order to understand the importance of a vision, look at Herzl. He had a vision. Did he know we would find natural gas? I wouldn’t suggest building our vision on manna from heaven or on natural gas from the water. That’s not a good idea.

When Steve Forbes was in Israel, he said, “Israel was blessed by God to be one of the only countries in the Middle East without energy resources”. What can we do? This blessing is apparently about to end. We now need to ensure that this new blessing does not become a curse. First of all, I don’t believe that we are talking about such a large amount of gas, unless there will be some surprises. If there are, this bounty certainly cannot become an alternative to creativity and entrepreneurship and other economic activity, so we need to be careful about that. It even has a name, the Dutch Disease. Although, again, I don’t believe the reserves are so large. I feel that what Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer said in this matter is true. I know that the Minster of Finance shares this belief with me: what we need to do with the revenues from the royalties is establish a national fund that would ensure the future of the State of Israel, a fund that would focus on education and security – the two most important foundations, in my opinion, to securing our future.

Nevertheless, we do face very complex challenges, but I have full confidence in our ability to reach this goal. In this case, I defined the goal. I said that I believed it was possible, not in this decade but in the first half of the next – 2010-2020 – that we could be among the 15 leading nations in terms of per capita GNP. We are entering into a knowledge-based economy. If we educate our children; if we have a dynamic and free economy; if we do what needs to be done in terms of infrastructure, including the broadband that we are introducing which is an Autobahn of information – I believe this goal is achievable, as is closing the gap vis-à-vis the main European countries. We can close this gap. I’m not talking about Luxembourg; I refer to the leading countries in the world. We can close the gap if we develop our vision and stay with it. Herzl did it: he had a vision, he secured support for it, he did it with consensus, hard-won as it was, and he had something else in spades – he had an inexhaustible supply of will.

The goal I set forth tonight is not a fairytale. We have the will, and if we work together, we will achieve it – there is no doubt about that. You will have to invite me back to the Conference in 15 years. I will be happy to see you here. Thank you.