Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart070512



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today :

"I have asked Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch and Israel Police Inspector-General Yohanan Danino to brief the Cabinet on the recent shocking incidents that have torn at Israelis' hearts. We have witnessed very, very difficult scenes and we know that everything must be done in order to eradicate them.

I have full confidence in Minister Aharonovitch, Insp.-Gen. Danino and in the Israel Police, in their ability to do this. We will be briefed on the actions that have been taken and that will be taken. We know that there has been a 30% drop in murders as well as a decline in street brawls, but these extreme and brutal incidents underscore the recognition that must act with all strength against this wildness, this violence, these murders – and we will do so. We will continue to do so.

I would also like to congratulate French President-elect Francois Hollande. Relations between Israel and France have always been friendly. They will remain such and I look forward to meeting with him in order to continue this link, which is important both bilaterally and internationally.

I would also like to tell my friends here, to tell all ministers, that our working together has led to exemplary achievements for the State of Israel. I think that in all areas we can count very major achievements for the Government thanks to our joint work, vision, cooperation and political stability. Political stability was a very important component in this success because for three years ministers dealt with solutions, not elections.

I think that the State of Israel has not had such a stable Government in decades. But it is no secret that with the start of the government's fourth year, the coalition's stability is fraying somewhat, and that there has also been a lack of stability between and within the parties. Instability leads to extortion and populism - and these harm the main aspects of our lives: Defense, economics, and society. We live in a country that needs political stability. I would have been very happy if we could have completed the term, which was also my goal. To my regret, this instability is calling this into question; therefore, it seems to me that the right thing to do is to go for a brief election campaign.

We are proposing September 4, after which, God and voters willing, we will receive a mandate. I intend to form as broad a government as possible in order to create stability and successfully lead the State of Israel against the great challenges we still face.

Thank you very much."