Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechair271212

- Translation -Graduates of the Pilots Training Course, as you stand here on the parade ground, you represent all parts of our nation – young native-born Israelis and new immigrants, secular and religious. Among you is the first religious female navigator of the Israeli Air Force. We are so proud of all of you. Everybody here is proud of you.

First of all, your parents are proud of you, and rightly so, as it is no coincidence that you are here. Your parents know well what homes you come from, they know how much they invested in you: in your education, in instilling in you values of Zionism and excellence. That is the first reason you stand here today. It is the outcome of good education and good values. Thank you parents, thank you families.

Second, your instructors and commanders are proud of you, as they know that only the very best make it to this graduation ceremony. Your instructors are familiar with the obstacles and challenges which you faced so you could stand here today. Thank you to the instructors, thank you to the Air Force commanders who, year after year, train the best pilots in the world.

Third, on behalf of the entire leadership and the citizens of Israel, I am proud of you. I am aware of the threats and challenges that the State of Israel faces, which are more complex than any we have been confronted with since the establishment of the State. I know that in order to cope with these threats we need a strong army, and a strong IDF requires a strong Air Force, the best in the world. I am convinced – I have no doubt whatsoever – that you will fulfill the missions that we will assign you. Only five weeks ago, we witnessed the Air Force carry out such a mission.

Israel embarked on Operation Pillar of Defense with the objective of stopping the rocket fire of Hamas and terrorist organizations on our cities and communities. I take this opportunity to express my deep appreciation to the Commander in Chief of the Air Force, Major General Amir Eshel, to the officers and staff of the Air Force, to the combat pilots and flight crews and to the Iron Dome team. I wish to express my appreciation for the professional, precise and effective operation. Facing an enemy that shoots at our citizens while hiding behind its own civilians, our Air Force struck at the rocket and ammunition stockpiles and the terrorist leaders with surgical precision, I would say astonishing surgical precision, and took every possible precaution to prevent civilian casualties.

Operation Pillar of Defense proved once more that our Air Force is among the best and most professional air forces in the world, and is also the most ethical air force in the world. For this reason, all claims that the IDF and Air Force committed war crimes are so outrageous and ridiculous. While the Israeli Air Force and IDF do everything possible to prevent harming civilians, our enemies do the opposite. They make every effort to kill as many civilians as possible, with no restrictions or moral limits.

We can all see what is happening in Syria, where the Syrian Air Force is bombing the country’s civilians. They kill and maim hundreds of people every day; they have no qualms about using any means, including the use of weapons which are prohibited by international treaties. Israel is carefully following the developments in Syria, and Israel will do anything to protect itself against this threat and any threat.

Pilots, today you become a part of the long arm of Israel. In the last few years we have greatly strengthened the muscles and tendons of this arm. Israel’s hand will always be extended in peace to those of our neighbors who want peace. However, those who threaten to obliterate us, whether near or far, must be aware that our long arm will strike them, anywhere, in Israel’s defense. The greatest change that has occurred since the establishment of the State of Israel is not that hatred for Israel has disappeared from the world, nor has the desire to exterminate the Jewish people. The change is that we have built, here in the land of our forefathers, a force with which we will defend ourselves from those who wish to annihilate us. Today you join that force.

For the rest of your lives, I am certain you will remember this moment, when you joined the ranks of the defenders of Israel, the ranks of the new Maccabees, who defend the Jewish nation and its state. Two days from now, on Shabbat, in the portion of the week we will read Jacob the Patriarch’s blessing to his son Joseph. Jacob, dubbed Israel, blesses Joseph and says: “with blessings of heaven above.” And today, on behalf of Israel’s citizens, I tell you, dear pilots: with the blessings of heaven above. Soar into the heavens, safeguard the State of Israel, and return home safely.
