Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechgvul270312

I come here every several months in order to confirm that matters are being attended to. I can tell you, just by coming here, the systems tend to meet and resolve problems that can be budgetary, judicial or bureaucratic, and that is clear in how you are implementing things. We will give you all the backing you need – and right now you are meeting the timetables. This is very important.We attribute such great importance to building this obstacle because it gives us an impressive and effective resolution to one of the four largest challenges to Israel's security. I have determined that there are actually four threats facing the State of Israel: the nuclear threat, the threat of missiles, the cyber threat and the threat to our borders. I will not discuss the other threats today, but the threat to our borders, our ability to control our borders is the key to ensuring the future of the State of Israel – a country which is not large, neither in territory nor population.We must control our borders – this is the duty and the right of every country, but in our case it is a special duty because of the significance of not controlling our borders. If for five years or ten, the country is flooded by hundreds of thousands of illegal infiltrators, there is a real threat that our internal systems will implode, that the character of the country will be destroyed – its very future is under threat.Therefore we are making a genuine, focused and efficient investment in order to resolve this issue, and it can be resolved, as we see. I think that the Government acted rightly in deciding as it did. I think about what our situation would be if we had delayed this decision and its implementation, but of course, in the meanwhile our determination to control our borders against illegal infiltrators has only increased. I remind everyone that I am speaking of illegal infiltrators, not refugees. We continue to make this distinction between refugees and illegal infiltrators seeking work, and we will continue to do so. We are making and will continue to make this distinction.In the meanwhile, we uncovered two more things. One: the criminal activity that the obstacle was also meant to prevent has become violent. The smugglers who are smuggling for financial gain do so with guns and murderous intent, and therefore this obstacle will also help, and of course with the attacks by terror organizations. The fence will also provide a solution to this problem – not a perfect one, but a solution. The combination of illegal infiltrators in search of work, violent criminal activity and terrorist activity is a bad combination and one that endangers the State of Israel, and this fence is a good solution. Obviously, the fence is not enough. Other means are being implemented – including force preparedness. The combat doctrine and the doctrine of prevention are developing, as always happens when a project advances.During this visit, I have been very impressed with the additions of intelligence gathering means – very impressed. Other things are being added to this which we spoke about, but I will not go into detail. However, we had a very, very productive and focused discussion during this visit, and this will help lead this project to a satisfactory end.I am also impressed with the timetable and your mobilization, Tal and Eran. I was pleased to hear that you intend to complete the fence by October, but there is still the section that surrounds Eilat, for which we allocated funds, and they are now flowing. If you can complete the Eilat section by the end of the year, that is worthy of praise. In any event, it is worthy of praise. My only harsh, critical and piercing comment is that, unlike during my last visit we did not get the promised canned meat. This is a correction that is essential for the continuation of the project.Thank you.
