Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart141012

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"First, I would like to commend the IDF's precise action in the Gaza Strip last night. Global Jihad has stepped up its efforts to attack us and we will continue to operate against it, aggressively and in strength, both in response and in preventive counter-terrorism.

At the same time, there are increasing attempts to carry out cyber-attacks on computer infrastructures in the State of Israel. Every day there are attempts, even many attempts, to infiltrate Israel's computer systems. It was because of this that I established the National Cyber Bureau and it is working to block these attempts by developing what I would call a 'digital Iron Dome' for Israel to defend against computer terrorism. Just as we have Iron Dome against missiles and a security fence against infiltrators and terrorism – we will have a similar defense against cyber-attacks. But like building the fence, time is needed to complete it, and we are working on it nonstop.

Today we are marking the International Day of Older Persons. We will submit to the Cabinet a proposal to promote employment among older people. I believe that a job is the most social thing there is for people of all ages and I call your attention to the fact that over the past four years we have added over 300,000 jobs, an all-time record, and this was during a global economic crisis that has not only toppled economies, but has increased unemployment rates around the world. Even during the three month election period, we will continue to act responsibly in order to safeguard the economy and, most importantly, to maintain Israelis' jobs and even add to them.

Today we will also declare Be'er Sheva, the capital of the Negev, to be a national priority community. We are investing very much in Be'er Sheva and in the rapid transportation routes to it, to link it with the center of the country and also allow it to develop. It is developing quickly with considerable momentum. I would like to take this opportunity to note that we have an excellent partner in Mayor Rubik Danilowitz, and I say to him, thank you very much. Thank you for your cooperation and we will continue to work together.

And to the students. I would like to say something to the 300,000 students who are starting the academic year: No government has contributed more to higher education than this one. We have invested billions in higher education and there has been a welcome change here, also amidst the great crisis. We have added, we have supported, we have developed, and we wish you a successful academic year."
