Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoketal020712

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke a short time ago today with Vice Premier Shaul Mofaz and said, "Let us take the reins and bring about a solution."

Earlier, during a discussion in his office on alternatives to the Tal Law, Prime Minister Netanyahu said:

"I am committed to a more equitable division of the burden. In January, even before the High Court of Justice ruling, I declared that I would work towards greater equality in sharing the burden, gradually, among the ultra-orthodox and Arab publics, without setting public against public. This has been, and remains, my position.

We charged the Plesner Committee with formulating an agreed-upon proposal for the Government and the coalition in keeping with the High Court of Justice ruling. To my regret, the Plesner Committee did not succeed in reaching agreed-upon outlines due to the withdrawal of several of its members, and it cannot formulate a recommendation that would achieve a Knesset majority. For all intents and purposes, the committee has disbanded.

I thank the five public representatives for their expedited work and for investing their time in this important goal.

The disbanding of the committee does not obviate our responsibility to deal with the issue of equality in bearing the burden. Therefore, I intend to do the following:

1. This week I will invite the heads of the coalition parties to try and formulate a proposal that would receive a Knesset majority. Pursuant to my talks with Shaul Mofaz, I believe that with a joint effort we can achieve the desired result.

2. If by August 1, there is no agreed-upon majority, the Tal Law will be abrogated and Security Service Law will come into effect, applicable to all Israeli citizens.

3. I prefer an agreed-upon and gradual solution but if we cannot reach such a solution by August 1, the IDF will draft according to its needs, and I believe that it will do so while taking into consideration the various publics so as to prevent a rift in the nation.

4. Since the Security Service Law does not deal with the participation of the Arab and ultra-orthodox publics in civilian service, we will also work to provide arrangements for this issue."
