Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechczech010212



The Israeli Knesset has dedicated extraordinary memorial sessions to few world leaders, and Václav Havel is one of them, for good reason. I must admit that I admire Havel, and always have. Havel, for me, represents the cultural heroes and noble souls who stood in opposition to totalitarian communism with astonishing courage and strength, placing him among the giants who challenged one of the greatest tyrannies in the history of mankind. Sakharov, Wałęsa, Havel – these are the people who changed history and will be written in history books as those who fought for human liberty.

I permit myself to add to that list a few of our friends sitting here: my friend Natan Sharansky, and Minister Yuli Edelstein. Today he sits in our government, but he also sat in a Soviet prison for a few years. These are people who stood up for their principles and their beliefs; they believed in liberty, and kept hearing about freedom of thought and said that true liberty comes from within.

Havel was committed to these things in all the fibers of his being. He was committed to the principles of humanism and liberalism. He was level headed in character and in deed, but he was relentless when it came to the basic principles of liberty, and he paid a price for these principles when he sat in prison. He was persecuted and threatened for nothing. And I think he paid another price, because, as a gifted playwright, he paid the price that every artist pays dedicating years of writing to his country, thereby serving his country and the principles he believed in.

I met him when he visited Israel and was deeply impressed by his personality, his humbleness, the depth of his knowledge, the flame that burned inside him. But I was no less impressed by his deep sympathy for, and his identification with the State of Israel and the Jewish people. This is not surprising due to the strong ties between the Czech Republic and Israel and between the Czech people and the Jewish people.

Jews lived in the Czech Republic for thousands of years; Prague was one of the most important Jewish centers in Europe, from the Maharal of Prague – Rabbi Judah Loew ben Bezalel, to Franz Kafka. Naturally, the Jews observed the tragedy of Czechoslovakia, which was a prologue to the tragedy of the Jewish people. We, our people watched and understood the attempts of a small democracy, tainted and vilified as an obstacle to world peace, abandoned by the appeasing forces that had surrendered in the face of the waves of propaganda that aimed to demolish an area that is vital for defense, in the name of self defense.

We followed the developments. The name Masaryk is part of us all; we have a kibbutz named Kfar Masaryk after him in Israel. We followed what was happening over there, before the war and during the war, when Czech patriots assassinated one of the most hateful people in the history of our people, Heydrich. And we followed the terrible price exacted by the Nazis in the village of Lidice. We know all that; it is a part of our history. Then, after the war, we rose from the ashes and fought for our existence here. During the 1948 War of Independence we fought with Czech rifles. The Speaker of the House and I belong to the same generation more or less, along with a few other of our friends here.

We remember getting these rifles, these Czech rifles, during basic training. These weapons were like oxygen to a drowning man, and we never forgot that. We then followed your war for liberty and Dubček became a household name here. The song mentioned by Mr. Speaker was sung by millions of Israeli citizens. Prague, the Czech Republic – it’s all part of our history, that is why we followed Havel and his noble and wonderful leadership of your people, and we felt that he was also representing us and the rest of the enlightened humanity.

So it is no wonder that when the diplomatic ties between our two countries were renewed, the relationship was one of sympathy, fondness, friendship, and deep identification. The Czech Republic is one of our closest friends in Europe, and we appreciate your support for us, the Israeli democracy – a true democracy in the heart of the turbulent Middle East. We are physically attacked like no other country in the world has been attacked, with thousands of rockets fired at our cities; we are verbally assaulted and delegitimized in every way possible.

We feel your sympathy. Not only do we sense it – we witness it, in your strong stand for Israel. For example, during Operation Cast Lead , when we were trying to curb the rockets launched at our cities from the Gaza Strip, you objected to the conclusions of the Goldstone report. A distortion of a distortion needed to be fought, and you did it; your unrestrained support for Israel regarding the Marmara flotilla; your constant policies opposing the tyrannous Iran – which calls for the destruction of the Jewish state – and its race to obtain nuclear weapons. All these are part of the fabric of the friendship between us, which is now also opening up in the areas of commerce, technology, cultural exchanges and in many other ways, like true friendship.

That is why we are having this session, not only to express our deep appreciation to Václav Havel, but also to share our sympathy with the history of Czechoslovakia and to celebrate the true friendship between us and the Czech people and the Czech Government. To quote an old Jewish adage: “Tell me who your friends are and I will tell you who you are.” We are proud to have you as our friends and to be your friends. On my behalf and on behalf of the Israeli government and the people of Israel, please convey our condolences to the Czech people and the Havel family. He was the greatest leader of our time.

Thank you.