Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmerkaz200512



Translation

I am still in the 30 day mourning period, but the exchange of letters that you presented here brings up a stormy affair that occurred here in the Land of Israel nearly 80 years ago. Some time that same year, my father, who was 23 at the time, met his friend Abba Ahimeir at Zion Square. It was early evening. Two hours later, Arlozorov was murdered on a Tel Aviv beach. Ahimeir and Stavsky were accused of committing the murder.

My father was horrified when he heard that because, due to the clarity of his thoughts and the sharpness of his analysis, he first and foremost understood that it was impossible in a practical sense to travel from Zion Square to the beach in Tel Aviv with the transportation that existed at the time. Given the broadness of his thinking and his perceptiveness, he saw other contradictions and he reached the conclusion that this was a plot, a libel formulated immediately that Revisionist Zionists, the Brit HaBiryonim as they were called then, were responsible for murdering Arlozorov. However, my father knew one of the primary suspects; he had seen him; he met with him. He knew that it was impossible.

Upset, my father went to his father, Rabbi Nathan Mileikowsky, who changed his name to Rabbi Nathan Netanyahu. He went to him and told him that he had to go to Rav Kook and recruit him to speak out against this blood libel. My grandfather was already not well then, but he gathered his strength and went to Rav Kook, and Rav Kook spoke out strongly against the plot, and with the strength of his personality, his integrity, his nobility and his influence, he turned public opinion around. Eventually, justice was served, and as you saw, my grandfather was not satisfied with this, and this is when the exchange of letters took place, which by the way, I was not aware of. So, I thank you for this addition to our familial-national archive.

Shortly after this, my grandfather passed away. He was only in his fifties, and Rav Kook eulogized him. He eulogized him at his funeral and he wrote about him that he was a great rabbi and teacher of Zionism. He wrote, "I see very few people living in modern society who are filled with such appreciation for the Torah, for its greatness, who are so deeply connected in recognition that the success of all our national and political actions and our work in building the country are dependent on how strongly we are sustained by the source of the honor of Israel, which emanates from the words of the Creator in our holy Torah and the visions of the prophets of truth and justice, illuminators in the darkness of humanity". He added, "He felt this truth with all his heart, and many times he succeeded in expressing it with a pathos that was full of life and strength."

My friends, like my grandfather before me, I have no doubt about the source of our nation's strength. It comes from our heritage and our faith. Rabbi Shapira, you said that when I stand before the leaders of the world, I present our truth without fear because I know that I do not just represent the citizens of our country, and not even just of our people. When I speak at the UN or when I sit in the Oval Office at the White House, or when I meet with presidents and prime ministers, I know that I have been entrusted to speak also on behalf of a 4,000 year-old people. I know that I have been entrusted to speak on behalf of 100 generations of Jews who yearned to rebuild their national life in this land. I know that I have been entrusted to speak on behalf of a people who marked every celebration and every tragedy with a simple wish: to rebuild Jerusalem, "next year in Jerusalem", the dream of generations. This is a sacred trust I will never abandon. Never.

On this day, we celebrate the 45th anniversary of the liberation of Jerusalem, but we are also celebrating something that is far more powerful. We celebrate 3,000 years of history in this city and 2,000 years of longing. We celebrate the realization of a timeless dream and the fulfillment of a prophetic vision. Earlier today, we visited Ammunition Hill and we commemorated the battle for the liberation and reunification of Jerusalem, the healing of our people's broken heart, and I said that I remembered the tremor that went through my heart when I heard Motta Gur say, "The Temple Mount is in our possession". Whose heart did not skip a beat, who did not remember David and Solomon, Isaiah and Jeremiah and Hezekiah, Judah the Maccabee and Rabbi Yehuda Levy, the Rambam before him and Herzl after, to this very day. "The Temple Mount is in our possession". That is the heart of our people.

So when I hear world nations criticize me for building in Jerusalem, I think of King David who ruled in this city thousands of years before nearly all these countries existed. I think about Isaiah who stood on the walls of Jerusalem to warn the greatest power of his day that no harm would come to the city. I know that some see this history as a great burden. They believe that in order to ensure the future, we must disconnect from the past. They are wrong. They are making a big mistake, because this history is the source of our national strength. Without it, we are nothing more than leaves in the wind. Each and every one of you following the path of Rav Kook understand this well. You understand that disconnecting a nation from its past is like disconnecting a tree from its roots, and that is why you work so hard day after day to strengthen the roots of this nation, to prune its branches and water its soil. You know that this is the only way to teach our people how to fully realize the hopes and potential of our nation.

I want you to understand, our enemies also understand the source of our strength. Only a few years ago, a PLO representative in Lebanon said the following, "If Israel withdraws from Jerusalem, what will remain from all this talk about the Promised Land and the Chosen People? The Zionist idea will begin to collapse". My friends, as long as I am Prime Minister, that will not happen, and we will never allow it to happen. My responsibility as Prime Minister is to do everything in my power to ensure the future of the Jewish state and the future of the Jewish people.

There are people who believe that ensuring the future of our people means dividing Jerusalem, but Jerusalem is the heart of our people and we cannot ensure our future by ripping out our heart. The future is ensured by strengthening our heart and that is what I am doing and that is what I will continue to do. I will continue to build Jerusalem. I will continue to stand strong in front of the world's nations and tell them that Jerusalem will always remain the united capital of the State of Israel and the united capital of the people of Israel.

As you said, Rabbi, I must navigate the ship of state through rough waters and strong winds. However, I promise you this: I will never lose my compass, the compass I inherited from my father and my grandfather and from our ancestors. I will never compromise our security and our identity to win the world's approval. And like my grandfather before me, I will never forget the source of our national strength. I will never forget Jerusalem.

Happy holiday to Jerusalem.