Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart170412



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's re marks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"Today's Cabinet meeting will be devoted to a briefing about the Government's actions for Holocaust survivors and to perpetuate the memory of the holocaust.

I come this morning from a very moving visit. Minister Yossi Peled, Deputy Minister Leah Nass and Deputy Health Minister Yaakov Litzman and I visited, not for the first time, a hostel for the elderly, a considerable number of whom are Holocaust survivors. We heard their stories and it was very moving.

They were eating breakfast and we approached one of the tables. The eyes of one elderly woman lit up and she greeted us and explained that her name was Esther. She had been one of the Mengele twins and she is there, looked after but lively and curious. She so much enjoyed the meeting and the opportunity she had to talk with us. I think that one's heart simply goes out to her and to the others. Joseph Entler lives there. Joseph Entler remembers. He saw Eichmann in Vienna and at the transport station. He remembers that Eichmann spoke several words in Hebrew. Joseph did not know any Hebrew then, but he remembers that Eichmann spoke several words in Hebrew because he was here in Sharona when Eichmann organized the Final Solution.

You really meet living history. We also met Idit, who is 104. I would like to tell you, I appreciate that age. A 104-year-old woman who told how she was a student and left Germany in 1934. She was an art student. As a Jewish art student in Germany, she had no career possibilities. She went to Great Britain, was there during the war, met an Israeli and came here in 1951. She is 104, sharp, well-spoken and speaks English with a British accent.

These are living people, which one of the elderly women later expressed. Elisheva is not so elderly but she is a Holocaust survivor from Holland, who played the piano. Then she played jazz and other things, and she played "Am Yisrael Chai" ["The People of Israel Live"] and we all stood and sang with her because the People of Israel indeed live.

I think that the activity that we will discuss today reflects this power of life, which is also based on the power of memory. If you are alive, you remember. In order for us to continue to live, we must remember. The Government, beyond the tangible assistance to these dear people, and today we will decide on expanding the basket of services for Holocaust survivors, has already done much. Governments have done much and this Government has done much in recent years; we will add to this today.

We are also active in two areas to perpetuate memory. One is the

Ledorot

website. We are asking people to simply go to the site and tell their story, and many are doing so. The second thing is the "

Gathering the Fragments

" project in which we are asking Holocaust survivors and their families to bring items related to the Holocaust to Yad Vashem so that they can be part of the documentation, and there is one such item here. It is the shirt of Rafael Denty, who was only four when he was murdered at Auschwitz, and his sister who survived brought it.

These items that are being collected are part of a single whole that gives tangible documentation to the disaster that befell the Jewish People. 50,000 such items have been collected in the past year, in the past year alone. Time is urgent and the survivors are, to our sorrow, leaving our world. I ask that they tell their stories on the Ledorot website and that people gather the fragments and bring them.

I think that Yad Vashem is doing very important work. We want to perpetuate the memory. We want to remember those who perished, the six million brothers and sisters who were murdered simply for being Jews. And we want to gather the fragments and heed the lessons of the Holocaust in order to ensure the future of our people.

Thank you all very much."