Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechknesetrabin281012

Translation

The first time I spoke with Yitzhak Rabin was in 1975. It was soon after the Ford Administration made it clear that it was prepared to reassess its relations with Israel. It was an attempt by the American Administration to put enormous pressure on Israel to unilaterally withdraw from territory in the Sinai.

My late father, Professor Ben-Zion Netanyahu, asked to meet with Prime Minister Rabin to offer suggestions on how best to thwart that American pressure. He was granted a meeting, and he invited me to come along. The Prime Minister met us in his residence on Balfour Street. I must say, some things almost never change.

As the discussion began, it was clear that Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was very familiar with the ways of Washington – he had served as Israel's Ambassador there several years earlier. I was profoundly impressed by Prime Minister Rabin's clear determination to stand up for Israel's security interests in the face of pressure – even when that pressure was being brought to bear by our greatest friend and ally, the United States. He indeed stood up to that pressure.

The second time I had a chance to speak to Yitzhak Rabin was a year later, in July 1976. He paid a visit to the shiva for my brother Yoni, who had fallen during the hostage rescue operation Entebbe a few days before. He spoke about the operation and about his respect for the soldiers and their commander. In that meeting, I was again struck by the enormous sense of responsibility for the security of the citizens of Israel that Yitzhak Rabin felt as Israel's Prime Minister – a sense of responsibility that he carried with him in every position he held throughout his life – from a soldier to a commander to Chief of Staff to Minister of Defense to Prime Minister.

Rabin had a very clear view that I just mentioned as the most important in the face of all that has occurred in our region in the years since the murder. The main thing he understood was that ultimately, it was the strength of the IDF, the strength of the State of Israel, which is the guarantee of our existence and a crucial condition for peace with our neighbors.

Let me say it again: if we are weak, no one will take us into consideration and our enemies will not accept our existence. If there was any disagreement, and there was, it was that we have no wish to master over the Palestinians, not as subjects and not as citizens. We do not want that. We do not want to rule them, but we also do not want them to rule us. The experience of history over the past 17 years shows us that territories from which we withdrew were captured by Iranian agents. This is the fundamental problem. We said it would happen. We thought that the security arrangements and security control of Israel should be delegated.

In every territory this is what the fundamental disagreement was about – the arrangements – although there is also disagreement about the dimensions. This source of this disagreement was not necessarily over our historic right to the land, but first and foremost with the knowledge that there cannot be a vacuum – when Israel leaves, someone else comes in. The question is who will come in? Who takes control? And what will the result be? Will we have peace? That is what the fundamental disagreement was about. And about the law.

Politicians from both sides of the aisle argue passionately. Actually, there are more than two sides here. However, I would to tell you that I also had the opportunity to speak to Yitzhak Rabin on a number of occasions after I entered political life as a young man, and many times we all disagree on a number of issues. However, with Yitzhak Rabin, there were many areas of agreement between us. I agreed with Prime Minister Rabin's desire to propel Israel forward – by revolutionizing the country's infrastructure and by investing in education. I also agreed with his desire to change the system of government in Israel to strengthen the Prime Minister and to strengthen governance. We met and spoke about these things and we worked together towards this goal, and of course there were many areas where we disagreed.

But even when we disagreed, I always felt that Prime Minister Rabin was doing what he believed was in the best interest of the country. Prime Minister Rabin's determination to stand up for Israel's security interests, his deep sense of responsibility and his constant belief that what he was doing was advancing the national interests are all things I admired about Yitzhak Rabin. And they are things that those of us who are privileged to serve the public in this place – no matter what our political or ideological point of view – should all admire.

Ladies and Gentlemen,

We often have rambunctious debates in this hall. We all feel passionately about our beliefs, and we fight in the political arena in order to advance those beliefs. But despite our sharp differences about the best way to strengthen Israel – we must never forget that at bottom, we share a common goal. We all want to see an Israel that is more secure, more prosperous, and more just. We all want to see our children and grandchildren living in a secure Israel at peace. On this solemn day, when we mark the horrific slaying of an Israeli Prime Minister – the murder of an Israeli Prime Minister by an Israeli citizen, the murder of a Jewish Prime Minister by another Jew – we should remember that just because our political opponents disagree with us does not mean that they care any less about our country or its future. We should remember that we are all privileged to live in the one and only Jewish state – a state that our parents' generation established to realize the dream of one hundred generations of the Jewish people. We should remember that preserving a strong Israel demands many things – from a strong military to a thriving economy to social solidarity. But given the enormous challenges Israel faces, all of these things are insufficient without a strong sense of national unity.

On this solemn day, let us recommit ourselves to strengthening the unity of the people of Israel around the justness of our path, a return to our homeland and the rebirth of our nation. This is something that no assassin's bullet could ever rupture.

May the memory of Yitzhak Rabin be blessed.
