Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart040412



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

“The Government does not control fuel prices. Even the major powers do not control fuel prices and therefore, this is a fluctuating global market. The State of Israel has no real possibility of controlling the direction – upward or downward – of fuel prices.

However, we have witnessed a constant upward movement in the past year as a result of the sanctions on Iran and other factors. We are trying to moderate the increases in order to make things easier for citizens. We are capable of doing so partially and cannot do so fully, but we have decided to do so several times in recent months. But, as usual, this is not a free lunch and, therefore, from a budgetary perspective, we need to cover the gap that results from lowering prices. We must give some alternative source in order to balance the budgetary framework.

In consultation with Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, the personnel at his ministry have formulated a proposal, which I support completely. We are submitting a proposal for partial efficiency at Government ministries. Partial, because Government ministries can greatly increase efficiency. No ministry, including mine, has exhausted the process. All of them have pockets of fat; very much can be done, everywhere, to boost efficiency. The Government bureaucracy still has great room to increase efficiency. There is a phenomenon, which I am discussing here in front of everyone, in which everyone says ‘I am more efficient; let the others become more efficient, not me.’ I am familiar with this. I have encountered this dozens of times, not once but dozens of times, both as Prime Minister and as Finance Minister.

Becoming more efficient is a difficult process. I know that this is difficult for ministers and for ministries. It is not easy but, nevertheless, I ask for your cooperation. Up until now, over the past three years, we have worked very impressively, with results that find expression on both the national level and in your areas of responsibility, and I think that the public is beginning to appreciate the work that this Government is doing, that these ministers are doing, that there is very good teamwork between the various ministries. Teamwork is required here as well; it is not easy and I know that great effort is needed for each and everyone of you.

I am requesting your cooperation so that we might all help make things easier for Israeli citizens. I hope that they will have a Happy Passover, that Israelis will travel on the roads and enjoy the scenic vistas, and will pay a bit less than they might have otherwise if we had not intervened today.

I would also like to inform the ministers about two things.

First, I asked Attorney General Yehuda Weinstein to find a solution for the Ulpana neighborhood [in Beit El] that would obviate the need for demolition. Second, it is my intention to submit to the Cabinet soon, with the recommendation of Defense Minister Ehud Barak, the necessary permits for providing for the status of the communities of Bruchin, Sansana and Rechalim.”