Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventvahub020712

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:

"I am committed to a more equitable division of the burden, and I have stated this. I believe in this and I believe that equality in bearing the burden must include all citizens of Israel – both the ultra-orthodox public and the Arab public – and I believe that there is a way to achieve this.

I hope that our current contacts will succeed in resolving this but it will be achieved, one way or another because the State of Israel needs a more equitable division of the burden.

I thank you. Thank you very much."

Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee Chairman Ronnie Bar-On began the meeting with a minute of silence to honor the memory of Israel's seventh Prime Minister, Yitzhak Shamir, who will be laid to rest later today, and then said:

"The late Yitzhak Shamir, the seventh Prime Minister of the State of Israel, was – and will be – an example of public dedication. He dedicated his life to the Zionist idea, to the Jewish People and the Land of Israel. He will always be remembered as one who was decisive, sharp, precise, brave and modest. May his memory be blessed.

Mr. Prime Minister, colleagues, MKs. We thank you, Mr. Prime Minister, for hosting us in your office. It seems to me that this is the first meeting of the full Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee here in the office, where Cabinet meetings are usually held.

Before I begin the meeting, I think that we are – vis-à-vis the state's obligation to the silent majority – now in a situation in which the moment of truth has arrived. The same majority, Mr. Prime Minister, that elected you, me and most of the members sitting here around the table, expects and deserves a courageous decision on the issue of equality in sharing the burden. The decision will be painful, it must be balanced and it must be clear to all that it is necessary. Nobody involved on this issue is motivated by a desire to take revenge on this or that sector, or by hatred, but by the dictates of reality and socio-economic need.

It should be pointed out that this law needs to have goals and an enforcement mechanism. What has been cannot be allowed to continue. I think, Mr. Prime Minister, that this is a great test of values for you as Prime Minister, for all of us, as Zionists, as Israelis and as public representatives.

I am certain that a majority of the present forum fully supports you as we make the right decisions on this issue.

Thank you very much."
