Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmerkel061212

Statement by PM Netanyahu at a Press Conference With Chancellor Angela Merkel

Thank you, Angela. Thank you, Chancellor Merkel. I want to thank you for your warm reception to me, and the warm reception of your government to my colleagues, our entire delegation.

I know, and I heard it again yesterday and today, how important to you is the relationship between Israel and Germany. You said it's not just another relationship; it's a special relationship and it's deeply felt that you deeply feel it. And I appreciate it greatly. I appreciate the time and energy that you're devoting to strengthening this relationship, and I want to take this opportunity to make it absolutely clear that I have no doubt whatsoever about the depth of your commitment to Israel's security and to the well-being of the Jewish state.

We had an opportunity to have an excellent discussion last night, and it continued today. We spoke today about the various realms of cooperation – scientific, economic, academic, cultural – in every possible way between our two countries. But we devoted a great deal of time to the challenges that we face in this rapidly changing Middle East. We spoke about the need to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. We spoke about the need to ensure that Syria's stock of chemical weapons is not used or does not fall into the wrong hands, well terrorist hands in this case. We spoke about the need to advance peace with the Palestinians.

Israel remains fully committed to achieving a peace with the Palestinians, based on the principle of two states for two peoples, and in this peace, a demilitarized Palestinian state recognizes the Jewish state of Israel. I believe that the only way to achieve such a peace is through direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. I hope that the Palestinians will return to the negotiating table, that they do so without preconditions so that we can work together to forge a secure and lasting peace that address the needs of both Israelis and Palestinians alike.

Today I can say that in those discussions we also put in perspective – that's the way I would put it – we put in perspective, a genuine perspective, a real perspective, the many agreements that we have on all these issues and some others that I haven't mentioned, and put in perspective also the differences of view that we have, and we do have one or two. But I think that the overwhelming feeling that I come of these talks with is that we have a friend and a partner for peace and security, for security and peace in the Middle East as we seek to give our peoples a hope and a future in the coming decade and decades.

As I said before, the Government-to-Government meeting also enabled us to discuss a variety of other fields in security and trade, in science and agriculture, and many other areas. We're going and opening up area after area for German-Israeli cooperation, and for that and for everything else, I want to thank you, Chancellor Merkel. Thank you.
