Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventshem190412

The following is from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks today on the occasion of Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Day, at the Knesset, during the "Unto Every Person There is a Name" ceremony:"This is the first 'Unto Every Person There is a Name' ceremony in which my father-in-law, Shmuel Ben-Artzi, is not listening to the reading of the names. He passed away last November. He used to listen to the reading of the names. He thought that this was the way to give expression to the souls that were lost. He saw the loss as both a personal and national thing, the dimensions of which can scarcely be described.He came to the country when he was 18, from the town of Bilgoraj in Poland, despite the strong opposition of his father. He was sent as an outstanding student of the Novardok yeshiva in order to open a branch here in Bnei Brak. He soon went to the orchards and decided that he had to redeem the soil of the Land of Israel; he worked in the orchards for seven years. Afterwards, he became a teacher in Tiberias. He was a great teacher, a leading educator. He held a Bible study class for adults for 30 years, for the same people for 30 years.He was a major Bible researcher but he was also a poet. In his poetry, he expressed the love for the Land of Israel, for the [Jewish] People, for people and for nature. But above all, in his poetry, he expressed his pain, personal and national, over the Holocaust.His family was destroyed. I will read their names:His father, Moshe Hahn, his father's wife Ita, his twin sister Yehudit, who was 24.His brothers Meir Hahn (18), Shimon Tzvi (16) and Aryeh Leib (13), and his little sister Feizele.His aunt Ma'tel Koenigstein, her son Hillel and her eldest daughter. His uncle Mendel, his wife and their two children.His uncle Avraham Tauber, his wife and their son and daughter. His aunt Rachel Tauber and her three sons – Avraham, Yaakov and Shlomo, and their wives and children. His aunt Hinda and her husband Yehezkel. His aunt Hendel, her husband and their children. His aunt Paula and her two daughters.May their memories be blessed."
