Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventeilat090112



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today, convened the special ministerial team on the development of Eilat. Participants discussed the city's future development plan, which focuses on transportation, tourism, education and culture. Among the projects presented were: Upgrading and widening the Arava highway (#90), building a railway to Eilat and building the "Ramon" airfield at Timna. Also discussed were the possibility of increasing the number of hotel rooms in the city and establishing tourism enterprises. Participants were informed that the number of weekly flights to Eilat from Europe had doubled over the course of 2011 and that the number of tourists arriving on these flights increased by 18% to 60,300.

Prime Minister Netanyahu directed the relevant officials to shorten the time needed for the feasibility studies for the foregoing projects, consider foreign investments and hold a subsequent discussion when all of the data has been collected.

Prime Minister Netanyahu emphasized the decisions that were made regarding the development of Eilat after the ministerial team's previous discussion six months ago. These include: Giving a 10% tax benefit as well as balancing grants, including the city in the national tourism preference area and completing construction of the fence on the Egyptian border, which will reduce the number of illegal infiltrators into Israel. He added that the Government will continue to assist the development of the city and sought to advance the plan to build a railway to the city. "A train that reaches Eilat within two hours will change the country. Eilat is a city with great strategic, economic and tourist potential. We will continue to work towards realizing this potential," the Prime Minister said.

Attending today's discussion were: Education Minister Gideon Saar, Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, Negev and Galilee Development Minister Silvan Shalom, Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz, Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov, Interior Minister Eli Yishai, Culture and Sports Minister Limor Livnat, Eilat Mayor Meir Yitzhak Halevy, Cabinet Secretary Tzvi Hauser, National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Eugene Kandel and representatives of various Government ministries.