Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart170612

"Tonight, the first plane of illegal infiltrators will leave for South Sudan. An additional plane will leave next week. Today, the Government will begin the operation to repatriate illegal work infiltrators to their countries of origin. We will do this is an orderly and dignified manner.

We are dealing with the problem of infiltrators by blocking their entry via the construction of a fence, hastening their repatriation or – in certain cases – sending them to third countries, and revoking the incentive for migration. This includes a series of steps.

In the coming months we will complete the construction of the fence in the south, a main step that the Cabinet has decided upon, and it will be completed very soon. Also, we have halted the unacceptable practice in which infiltrators are taken from the border to Tel Aviv or any other part of the country. As of last week, any infiltrator that crosses the border will be placed in detention immediately, and this is in keeping with the new law that we passed, which allows infiltrators to be detained for years. We are also building holding facilities to house tens of thousands of infiltrators until they can be sent out of the country.

Last week the Knesset approved a new law that increased fines on those who employ infiltrators. Infiltrators come here to work. If there is no work for them here, they will have no reason to come. But in any case, we will block their entry and hasten their deportation.

I would like to take this opportunity to commend the people of "Oz" unit. They do important work under difficult conditions. I ask them, I am also certain that this is how they operate, to continue treating humanely those infiltrators whom they detain. I also request this, in word and deed, from public officials.

When I was a young boy, I would go every Shabbat to the home of Prof. Joseph Klausner. At the house before it was a special palm tree. There was an arch, and on the arch two words were inscribed: Judaism and humanity. We have a Jewish tradition of treating strangers humanely, and even when we need to deport them from our midst due to the state's desire to control its borders, we must do so humanely and in a manner that finds expression in a restrained and humane manner.

Today, we will approve a significant expansion of the dental care that we provide for children up to age 10. This innovation was submitted by Deputy Health Minister Yaakov Litzman, as you know. When this Government took office, we passed these decisions and 1.25 million children receive free dental care.

Now we will expand this to age 12. As I understand it, according to my conversations with you, this means that 1.5 million children will receive free dental care in the wake of today's Cabinet decision. I would like to tell you what this is about. I received the details: Examinations, x-rays, removing plaque, fluoride treatments, fillings, first aid, reconstructions, root canal, pulling, crowns, and other treatments.

There is here a range of dental treatments that once would have cost huge sums and were beyond the means of many children. In effect, Israeli children up to age 12 and Israeli families will receive free dental care as of the end of the Cabinet meeting today. I commend Deputy Minister Litzman and I am sure that this will receive sweeping Government support.

Thank you very much."
