Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventtech200312

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today toured the Technion in Haifa. During his visit, he was shown the most precise electron microscope in the world. He also toured the nano-technology lab where he was briefed on the process for manufacturing advanced microchips. At the end of his visit, he was shown innovations in the bio-medical field, including a robot for back surgeries that require a high degree of precision, a robotic snake capable of assisting in search and rescue efforts and biological glue for preventing infections. During his tour of the labs, Prime Minister Netanyahu said, “Israel is where it needs to be, at the forefront of technology. I have been deeply impressed by what I have seen here in the field of life sciences, technology that can both heal and turn the state of Israel into a technological power. Continue to lead and be competitive with others.”

Prime Minister Netanyahu also met with northern local council heads at the Technion Visitors Center. He asked to begin the meeting with a moment of silence in memory of the victims of the massacre in France. He said afterwards, “The tragedy and brutality of this act are noteworthy. This was verifying the kill on an eight-year-old girl, savagery and inhumanity on a scale that is difficult to describe. What especially infuriates me was the comparison between the deliberate massacre of children and the IDF’s surgical defensive actions designed to strike at terrorists who use children as human shields.”Prime Minister Netanyahu added, “I would like to thank you for this meeting. There is something symbolic in meeting here at the Technion where I have seen so many uplifting and mind-boggling things, in the development of which I would like every boy and girl in Israel to share. Later, I will go to the meeting that we are holding on cooperation with, and initiatives in, the Arab sector. It is also important to me that children from that sector be here too, so that they can express their abilities and contribute to science, society and the economy. There is a great combination here of all these things. We meet from time to time. You are the front line of the Government. You stand opposite the people. Now it is quiet in the north but I have been with you in stormier times. You know how to realize your responsibility as leaders in times of both crisis and routine.”
