Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventethi220312

At the start of the meeting, Prime Minister Netanyahu said, “The phenomenon of racism will not be legitimate in Israel. I met with Ethiopian community public representatives and religious leaders last week. I heard about the community’s distress. Alongside the successes, there is also deep distress that must be dealt with. First of all, we will deal with four problems and then a fifth. The problems are: housing, education, employment and religious affairs, but the reason that I am here, in Kiryat Malakhi, is to express both solidarity with you and the Government’s opposition to displays of racism. We will not accept that a section of our people is shunted aside and disparaged. I am not prepared to tolerate racism. This phenomenon will not be legitimate in our state of the Jewish People. We will continue acting to affect a coming together of the nation and our Ethiopian brothers. This is a very important mission; for that we have come. We also came to give hope to the younger generation of the Ethiopian community. I have asked Prime Minister’s Office Director-General Locker to coordinate the activity of a ministerial team; there are urgent actions that will be carried out immediately. I want to start moving forward with a plan while holding a dialogue, and consulting, with Ethiopian community representatives. This is the only way to succeed.”Ethiopian community religious leaders, youth representatives and Kiryat Malakhi Mayor Motti Malka thanked Prime Minister Netanyahu for his activity on the issue.Immigrant Absorption Minister Sofa Landver, Social Welfare and Social Services Minister Moshe Kahlon, Education Minister Gideon Saar, Housing and Construction Minister Ariel Atias, Deputy Finance Minister Yitzhak Cohen, Religious Services Ministry Director-General Avigdor Ohana, the Prime Minister’s Adviser on Ethiopian community affairs Adamsu Alalli and Industry, Trade and Employment Ministry officials also attended the meeting.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Prime Minister’s Office Director-General Harel Locker, this afternoon, in Kiryat Malakhi, met with Ethiopian community representatives in an effort to consider how to improve the integration of community members into Israeli society and fight displays of racism.
