Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart190212



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"A few minutes ago, I spoke with

Dr. Yehuda David

, an Israeli hero.

Dr. David immigrated to Israel and joined the IDF; his sons also serve in the IDF. As a reservist, he received a citation for saving lives under fire during the Second Lebanon War. He lit one of the torches on Independence Day. He has also lit a greater torch. Not only has he fought for Israel on the military battlefield, he has also fought on the public diplomacy battlefield in the great battle for the truth. He set out against

the Muhammad al-Dura libel

. This mendacious story caused more damage to the state of Israel than any other account in recent years, more than any other libel, and Dr. David set out to puncture this lie with the truth. He fought for five years in a difficult legal campaign. We had already decided, even before the result was known, to submit a decision for Cabinet approval to cover his legal costs. Last week, we learned that he had won. His is not only a personal victory, it is a victory for justice and for truth. It is Israel's victory over Palestinian propaganda's long tale of lies, which is spreading around the world and according to which Israel is guilty even if it is proven otherwise. I think that it will serve us for many years, but what I would like to commend here is the personal example of one man, a Zionist and an Israeli patriot, a proud Jew, who took upon himself an extraordinary fight for truth. He won and his victory is a victory for us all. I take my hat off to him. I think that I speak for all ministers. I know that Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman, Strategic Affairs Minister Moshe Yaalon, Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman and Public Diplomacy and Diaspora Affairs Minister Yuli Edelstein have all assisted in this effort over the years. I congratulate them. I congratulate Israel on this important victory in the public diplomacy war.

Secondly, we owe a great deal to our soldiers. One of the things that we owe them is to uphold their heritage of heroism. I have spoken with Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, who expressed his views on the matter.

Ammunition Hill

will not be closed. We will find the budget so that it will continue to operate.

Third, today, we will begin our discussion of a sovereign capital fund. We will present the main points of the fund. We will have future discussions on the issue. True, the fruits of the fund will arrive only in a few years, but they will arrive. This will be a lot of money for the State of Israel from royalties from natural gas under the sea. I had a successful visit to Cyprus, a historic visit in the sense that it was the first by an Israeli prime minister to Cyprus. I went along with Energy and Water Resources Minister Uzi Landau and we examined the possibility of integrating our gas resources with those of Cyprus. This will aid us should it prove to be good and feasible. It would allow us to develop natural gas facilities for greater exports than we could alone. But in any case, we know that there will be royalties from Israeli natural gas resources. We began to deal with this with the

Sheshinski Committee

. Today, we will begin the discussion that will lead to the creation of a sovereign capital fund, the fruits of which will be divided among Israel's vital needs, especially education and security.

Finally, the Cabinet will hear a review of home front preparations, as part of our ongoing activity in recent years to prepare Israel for a new era that we all recognize, an era of threats to the Israeli home front. I know that great efforts have been made and are yet to be made. Thank you."