Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart290412

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks today at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting:

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "This morning I met with representatives of the reservists. In our previous meeting, I told them that even before the High Court of Justice ruling I had said and made it clear that the Tal Law would be replaced by another more just and egalitarian law that would more fairly divide the burden among all Israeli citizens, Arab and Jewish alike, and that we would submit this law in a manner that would not set public against public. I believe that it is within our power to do so and I think that the time has come; the conditions in the State of Israel are ripe for doing so.

I would also like to congratulate all ministers and Israeli citizens following our Independence Day festivities. We have not had such a joyous and relaxed Independence Day – in which millions of Israelis safely visited the parks and sites in our country – for some time. I would like to again thank the Israel Police, the security services and the IDF but I would also like to specially thank two people. One is Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin for taking steps ahead of that ceremony which were not simple due to the awful tragedy that struck when the life of officer Hila Betzaleli was cut short. But I would like to specially thank our Public Diplomacy and Diaspora Affairs Minister, Yuli Edelstein, who oversaw not only that ceremony, but all of the others in this period that is replete with ceremonies, and you did so with great success.

Now, I would also like to call attention to you for another reason because Culture and Sports Minister Limor Livnat decided on a YouTube competition about who is and what is a Zionist. While I would like to say that all of you here are Zionists, would also like to note that today, if I am not mistaken, is the 25th anniversary of your immigrating to Israel. Yuli, am I correct?"

Minster Edelstein: "Of my release."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Of your release from prison. Yuli was imprisoned for three years as a refusenik and a fighter for freedom. The documents are here before us, in a Soviet prison."

Minister Matan Vilnai: "You looked better then."

[Everyone laughs]

Minister Edelstein: "Matan, we all look better with shaved heads."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "He was a young fighter then, he remains a Zionist dreamer. You were a Zionist fighter and dreamer and you dreamt of immigrating to Zion and paid for this with your freedom for three years and then you immigrated to Israel and today you are a government minister and undertook the necessary actions to note this, and Israel's independence and I would like to congratulate you. You are a Zionist and what a Zionist. Congratulations to you and to the entire nation."

Minister Edelstein: "I received a prize for the struggle in the form of a beautiful 64-year-old State of Israel."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Thank you Yuli, thank you very much."

Minister Livnat: "About the YouTube project, may I add a word?"

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Yes."

Minister Livnat: "This is an initiative that is designed to give expression to Zionism. This is a competition that we initiated, along with YouTube, that is called 'Zion U'."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "'Zion U', aha."

Minister Livnat: "People will be able to produce video clips up to five minutes long. Mr. Prime minister, you will also be in a film, you will be in the first."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Once they would present reports in triplicate, today it is on YouTube."

Minister Livnat: "Now we are shaking off the dust you know. Beyond this term 'Zionism' which is considered archaic and outdated, we are modernizing, enlivening and revitalizing it and making it interactive as well. The competition will also offer prizes. Surfers will rate the winning films. In the end, 30 of them will reach a judging committee that will choose the winners, who will also win a cash prize. And the most important thing is that we are doing everything in order to give more and more expression to our Zionist values because, like you said, and began and said, 'This is a Zionist government'."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Yes."

Minister Livnat: "And we are carrying out more and more Zionist actions."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "But it is not outdated and archaic. Once there was a media personality who came here for 24 hours. I asked him, 'Where do you come from?' 'From Sweden,' he replied. This was his first time in Israel. I told him, 'I will try to explain Israel to you, but in short. Is there high-tech in Sweden?' 'Yes,' he replied. 'There is high-tech here too, a lot, but it has roots. It is high-tech with roots.' 'Ha, I get it,' he replied. It is new, new and old; it is lively and it is moving forward."

Minister Livnat: "That's the beauty of it."

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "In any case, I thank you for this innovative competition and I suggest that all ministers submit a five-minute unedited clip. Thank you very much, thank you."
