Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechwinter151012

- Translation - Mr. Speaker,Distinguished Colleagues, first and foremost, President of the State of Israel, Shimon Peres,

We met just days ago, and you called for clean elections, free of slander and invective. This will certainly add honor to this House, to those who sit here and to Israeli democracy as a whole.

My fellow members of Knesset, I would like the elections to be held on Tuesday, January 22, 2013. That means that in less than 100 days, the people of Israel will determine who will lead them as we stand before the largest security challenges we have faced since the establishment of the country and who will lead them through the most severe economic crisis the world has faced in the past 80 years.

Mr. Speaker, I believe that it is appropriate that a Prime Minister seeking to obtain a renewed mandate from the public provide an accounting of his work and that of his government in the main areas of our lives. Therefore, with your permission, I would like to present a succinct report of the state of the country four years ago and the state of the country today.

Four years ago, our economy was in crisis, with a negative growth rate. During the first quarter of 2009, growth was minus 3.2%. Unemployment was skyrocketing and was more than 9%. The economic crisis that was striking the world was threatening to collapse Israel's economy and bring about massive unemployment, just as it had in major European countries.

Four years ago, thousands of missiles and rockets were being fired on the residents of southern Israel. Two years prior, thousands of missiles and rockets had been fired on residents of the north. The home front was totally exposed and there was no effective preparedness in the face of the increasing threat from missiles and rockets. Infiltration across the border with Egypt was increasing. There was no fence; the border was completely open to terrorists and smugglers, and the flow of infiltrators was increasing and threatened to flood Israel's cities. Entire neighborhoods in Israeli cities – in Arad, Eilat and Tel Aviv – began to be overwhelmed by these illegal infiltrators from Eritrea and other African countries.

Anyone with eyes in their head should have understood then that there was a real threat to the future of the State of Israel as a Jewish and democratic country, but no effective steps were taken at the time. With regard to the matter which threatens us more than any other, as the President rightly mentioned just now – Iran's acquiring nuclear weapons – four years ago, this subject was barely on the international agenda and no real economic pressure was being brought to bear, neither economic pressure nor the political pressure of effective sanctions on Iran.

This was the situation when we took over the leadership of the country. What is the situation today? We have restored security to the citizens of Israel. We took tough policy steps and restored deterrence. We did so with level-headedness and responsibility, but the first thing we did was to eliminate the policy of restraint. This policy always, without fail, leads to an escalation and eventually war. Instead, we introduced a policy of resolute responses to every incident of missile fire and preventative actions to stop the firing.

The result was a sharp decline in the number of missiles and rockets when compared with the previous government, and a significant decrease in terror attacks against citizens of Israel. We purchased and activated many "Iron Dome" systems. I would like to say a good word here – and I know it is generally difficult for members of Knesset to do so – to MK Amir Peretz who, as Minister of Defense, believed from the outset in this project. We expanded it; we allocated funds for it; and we also took steps to implement it operationally as quickly as possible. I remember being in a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, and I received a report from my military secretary regarding the first interception by the Iron Dome. I said to him, "This is an important moment in Israel's capability, in the capability of any democratic country to defend itself against this new threat".

In addition, we greatly improved our preparedness to defend the home front: in early warning systems, in shielding, in incorporating all the systems, both in local authorities and in government offices. Today we are in a completely different place with regard to defending the home front, although I must say that there is still much to be done, and in the coming years, we will continue these improvements.

We also built a national cyber headquarters. I remember describing it to you last year. This headquarters is developing new capabilities to defend the Israeli home front in the cyber arena. Of course this headquarters did not exist before.

In 2009, shortly after I became Prime Minister, I decided, despite much resistance, to build a security fence along the Sinai border. We allocated billions of shekels to do so and today more than 90% of the fence has already been built. It gets the work done. From a reality in which thousands of infiltrators entered Israel's cities every month, this month only 23 infiltrators crossed the border. This is less than one percent, but they did not even reach Israeli cities. Because of the legislation passed here in the Knesset – and I thank the members of Knesset who supported it – and because of the detainment facilities erected along the Sinai border, not one infiltrator reached Israeli cities. In other words, we stopped the infiltrators. Not only infiltrators, but also a number of terrorist acts were stopped in Sinai. We predicted that there would be a problem from that direction, but we stopped that too. Now we are taking steps to return those who are here to their countries of origin.

With regard to Iran, anyone who disparages the threat posed by a nuclear Iran to the State of Israel is not worthy to lead the State of Israel for even one day. That is why we ensured that the danger posed by Iran would take center stage on the international agenda. That is what we have done over the past four years. Today, Iran faces unprecedented sanctions which are causing significant damage to its economy. Today we have the ability to act against Iran and its proxies, an ability we did not have before. These are significant changes we made for our security through a determined and considered policy.

Now let me tell you what we did for the economy. Earlier I described the state of the economy when we established the government – negative growth and growing unemployment. What is the situation today? The responsible policy we introduced has led to a change in direction. Despite the difficult and ongoing global crisis, which is not over, I can say that in each of the past four years we have had growth that is among the highest in the West. I do not know if we are in first place or just after first place, but the Israeli economy has grown faster than almost any other economy. And at a time when unemployment worldwide is growing to frightening dimensions, we have decreased unemployment here. Four years ago, the unemployment rate in Israel was like that in Europe; it was approximately 9%. However, while they have continued a negative trend and unemployment has continued to grow above 11%, which is the European average – although there are some countries with 25% unemployment – we have changed direction and unemployment is down below 7%.

We added more than 330,000 jobs – an all-time high during an economic crisis that is one of the worst in history. I attribute tremendous importance to this because keeping the jobs of Israeli citizens and allowing people to make decent livings and not be dependent on the employment bureau or the welfare office, to allow them to support themselves in dignity is the most social thing there can be.

We committed to growing the economy and preserving the jobs of Israel's citizens – and we did so. If you want to understand just how much we did here and how unusual it is in comparison with the international economic situation, let me remind you, members of Knesset, that over the past several years, the credit rating of several economic powerhouses was reduced: in Britain, France and the United States. And not only was Israel's credit rating not reduced, it was raised. There is no better testimony to the responsible and successful way we have run the State of Israel's economy.

Let me now address those who espouse the narrowing of social gaps: I would like to present you with a fact that some people would prefer stay hidden from the public as it does not fit in with their propaganda. However, what can one do? Here are the facts – not my facts, but from the Central Bureau of Statistics: we also succeeded in changing the direction with regard to social gaps because for the first time in years, the inequality index in Israel has consistently decreased. Not just last year, but for the past two years. This is not coincidental. We added a billion shekels to old age allowances and extracted many of the elderly from poverty. The Central Bureau of Statistics reports this too. We raised minimum wage to over $1,000. Amir Peretz, I remember speaking of this with you, but we did it.

We increased the salaries of teachers, doctors, police officers, firefighters and social workers. We provided tax benefits to working parents of small children. We provided a free year of studies at universities to former soldiers in Jerusalem, the Negev and the Galilee. We introduced low income tax credits, which is an idea that came from our colleague, Silvan Shalom, and others. So people say that our policies over the years have widened social gaps, what can we do? The Central Bureau of Statistics says otherwise.

Our management of the economy led to growth and growth creates resources, and that allowed us to direct our greatest resources to resolving the problems that were neglected in Israel for years, first and foremost education. After decades of talk – oh how much talk! – and a lack of practical action, we introduced free education from the age of three. One-quarter of a million children already benefit from it. After a lost decade in higher education, we invested billions in our universities, and they are enjoying a renewed flourishing. We are establishing a new university in Ariel. Gentlemen, I told you several times from this podium, and I repeat myself today: like the other settlement blocs, Ariel will always remain an inseparable part of the State of Israel. Always.

As to healthcare, after a decade during which not one bed was added to government hospitals, we are adding 1,000 beds. For the first time in 37 years, we opened a new medical school, in Safed. We provided more than two million dental treatments to children under the age of 12.

Members of Knesset, you travel the country, as do the citizens of Israel, and you see the tremendous transformation we are conducting in transportation. We are paving roads and connecting the south of the country to the north – highways, trains, junctions.

We invested the huge sum of NIS 27 billion in a multi-year plan. We are connecting the center of the country with the Galilee and the Negev through highways. This is a tremendous transformation, both socially and economically. It is good for the economy; it is good for society; and moreover, I say that it is good for security. It is certainly good for the periphery, the Negev and the Galilee.

Together with our colleague Moshe Kachlon, we introduced a revolution in the mobile phone market, a revolution that has saved each family in Israel hundreds of shekels per month. By the way, this was more proof that the most efficient way to achieve better customer service and lower prices is through competition.

I know there are many people trying to make political hay from the increase in housing prices. However, unlike those people, I didn't just begin to focus on the housing problem after the social protests. I saw a national need from the beginning of this government's tenure. Now the opportunists are criticizing us, but they are the ones who presented and continue to present the greatest obstacles in the Knesset to reforms that I wish to carry out in this field.

Despite the many obstacles presented here in the Knesset, this year we succeeded in stopping the trend of rising housing prices through expansive construction. There are 80,000 housing units currently under construction, which is also a record high. Also this year the increase in housing prices is 2.1%, which is less than the index. However, this is not good enough for me, because we must make a change and lower housing costs and provide accessible and available housing. Because I believe that the housing reform must be completed and the current Knesset did not allow me to do so, as far as I am concerned, the condition for entrance into the next coalition, in the event that the voters indeed give me the mandate to build it, will be support for the planning and construction reform and the reform in selling lands, and these will be the first laws we place on the table in the next Knesset. And we will pass them during the first session.

Mr. Speaker, members of Knesset. I promised the citizens of Israel two main promises: to strengthen security and to strengthen the economy. We promised and we kept those promises. However, there is another promise we kept: four years ago I stood here when the government was sworn in, and I said I would do everything I could to bring Gilad Shalit home to his family. One year ago this week, it was very moving to see the entire nation come together for Gilad's safe return home. We witnessed the tremendous power the people of Israel have when they are united.

Alongside all these accomplishments and our ongoing attempts to achieve peace with our neighbors and our willingness to take steps to reach that peace, which has yet to be reciprocated, there is one other thing we did and it is this: we did not conduct unnecessary wars. Moreover, we did not conduct any wars. During the seven years I have served as Prime Minister – both this term and during my first term as Prime Minister – we have never had a war and there was a significant decrease in the level of terrorism.

It is not that we were trigger happy; we had a steady hand on the trigger. There were no wars not because we broadcast weakness; we broadcast strength. This strength is the key to peace. A Prime Minister's primary duty is to defend the country and its citizens. Gentlemen, if there is something I am most proud of, it is the fact that during the seven years I was privileged to serve as Prime Minister of Israel, I upheld that duty and maintained the security of the State of Israel and its citizens.

Dear citizens of Israel, I ask that, three months from now, you grant me the privilege of continuing to lead Israel together with my colleagues so that we can preserve Israel's strength, work to make it prosper and ensure its future in security and peace.
