Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventeco250712

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Dr. Yuval Steinitz held a working discussion on the economic steps that will be submitted for Cabinet approval on Monday, 30 July 2012. Prime Minister's Office Director-General Harel Locker, Finance Ministry Director-General Doron Cohen, National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Eugene Kandel and Finance Ministry Budget Director Gal Hershkowitz also participated.

During the discussion, Prime Minister Netanyahu said:

"Managing the national economy is like managing a household. You must balance expenses and income, you cannot spend on everything, you must choose.

In the past year, we chose to invest in halting illegal infiltrators, and we succeeded to a great extent in stopping the wave that flooded the country. We decided to invest in firefighting, including aerial firefighting, and to a great extent, we succeeded. We are putting out all fires, as you can see. We are dealing with security challenges in view of the changing reality. All this costs money. We cannot spend on this and on all the rest. That is why the cabinet will make adjustments on Monday. We'll decide to focus on this at the expense of other things. Not at the expense of education or at the expense of welfare, for which we make exceptions. First of all, balance the budget, do not exceed the budget, that is the first thing.

The second thing is to keep the general framework of revenues, because that is the way we preserve the Israeli economy, unlike what is happening in Europe and in other places in the world. We will only be scratched by the global economic crisis. It has not yet been harmed, and we won't let it be harmed. As a result of this, the rate of employment in the Israeli economy is greater than in almost any other Western country, our unemployment rate is low. We do not want hundreds of thousands of unemployed, we want Israelis to work and earn a living, and that is what we are doing with a responsible policy, as will be expressed by the cabinet next Monday."

Finance Minister Steinitz said:

"For three years we have been successfully fighting the global economic crisis. We have succeeded in preserving the Israeli economy and Israeli citizens from the catastrophe that we see in America, Europe and other places.

In order to continue doing so, we need to maintain budgetary and economic responsibility. When I submitted the updated deficit target of 3% at the Caesarea Conference three weeks ago, I said that we would, in the coming weeks, submit a package of economic steps in order to meet the deficit target. We presented a realistic deficit target, which it is possible to meet, of 3%, but we must make an effort to meet it.

Even as we witness Germany's credit rating begin to be undermined by a negative forecast, how much more so must we look after the Israeli economy and, therefore, on Monday, we will submit a series of steps that will increase state revenues by billions of shekels, some immediately and some in 2013. We mean what we say – a basic package that will be clear to the entire world including credit rating companies and investors. We increased the deficit target from 1.5% to 3% and we will take all measures to meet the new target. If we had not updated the deficit target, we would have needed to impose another NIS 15 billion in taxes beyond that which intend to do. We have refrained from doing this, but twill implement he necessary minimum, the basic package, and I would like to say – this is the line of defense for the Israeli economy and the citizens of Israel. Whoever suggests otherwise, whoever proposes that we declare that we will not meet the deficit target, suggests Spain or Greece. One should see what is happening in Spain or Greece and understand that whoever refuses to increase state revenues and maintain budgetary and economic responsibility, brings Israeli citizens closer to what is happening in Greece, Spain, Italy and other places."
