Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventpara140812

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Culture and Sports Minister Limor Livnat, in Jerusalem, held a festive reception for Israel's delegation to the Paralympics, which will open next month in London. Israel Paralympic Committee (IPC) Chairman Danny Ben-Abu, IPC Director-General Dr. Ron Bolotin, trainers and IPC officials also attended.

The 25 Paralympic athletes who will represent Israel in London will compete in nine sports: Road Cycling, Rowing, Sailing, Wheelchair Tennis, Table Tennis, Shooting, Swimming, Equestrian and Athletics. IPC Chairman Ben-Abu thanked Prime Minister Netanyahu and Culture and Sports Minister Livnat for equalizing conditions for Paralympic and Olympic athletes. "You deserve great thanks for this," he said.

Prime Minister Netanyahu told the athletes: "I broke my leg when I was 14 but it did not affect me too much. I was in a cast for a few months. Now, at a slightly more advanced age, I have had this experience, when you cannot reach the steps and you run into a wall and when you need to get into and out of the shower and you run into difficulties with simple, daily actions. This is on a small scale, it is so small but it is so large, and it has given me at least a reminder of the incredible thing that you are doing – first of all, the challenges of being handicapped, of physical limitations. This is mentally challenging and gives appreciation of both achievements and commitment – our commitment and your achievements."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "What you do does not compare to the efforts of other athletes, which are very great. What you are called upon to do is in a different sphere. What you demand of yourselves, nobody demands of you. You demand of yourselves and achieve things physically and, first and foremost, mentally. From my point-of-view, you are already champions and you have achieved major victories. I also promise you that we will give you all possible support, you, your trainers and your accompanying staff. But you asked from something modest – you said that you want your families, neighbors and friends, and all of Israel, to be able to watch you on TV, and this is my small contribution – there will be broadcasts. I want all Israelis to see our champions. I hope that you bring home medals but from my point-of-view, you already have. Good luck to you, Israel and the human spirit."
