Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventtachana280812

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening dedicated the restored windmill, in Jerusalem's Mishkenot Sha'ananim neighborhood, which was originally built in 1858 by Moses Montefiore and has since become one of the symbols of the city.

The windmill was restored with the assistance of the Jerusalem Foundation, donations from the Netherlands and the Prime Minister's Office Heritage Program. The windmill's façade was restored and machinery was installed to enable the arms to turn in the wind.

Prime Minister Netanyahu made the following remarks:

"Mayor Nir Barkat, Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov and friends, Chief Rabbi of Israel and Chief Rabbi of the Netherlands, Montefiore family, Cabinet Secretary Tzvi Hauser, and people from the Jerusalem Foundation, dear friends Sallai Meridor and Max Sofer.

I would like to address our friends from the Netherlands. [Following was delivered in English.]

I don’t believe that the Jewish State and Modern Zionism would have been possible without Christian Zionism. I think that the many Christian supporters of the rebirth of the Jewish State and the ingathering of the Jewish people in the 19th century made possible the rise of Jewish Zionism - modern Jewish Zionism. We always had the deeply ingrained desire to come back to our land and rebuild it. This is a prayer of the millennia of the Jewish people - that it was made possible in the 19th century, by the resurgence of Christian Zionism and European support for Zionism, most especially in Great Britain – The PEF, the Palestine Exploration Fund, which was a scientific fund created by Queen Victoria, and the many Christian friends that we had, including Dutch people in the 19th century, Americans, Englishmen, Frenchmen, who visited the Holy Land by the hundreds, including famous writers. We spoke about the barrenness of the land and the hope that the Jews would come back to reclaim this land as part of the parable of humanity, the hope that there’s hope, and this created the practical foundation, the political foundation for the emergence of Zionism. So that’s the first component. It’s well represented here today by our Dutch friends, who have been supporting Israel with their hearts, and with everything that you can, we know the depth of this support. We appreciate it deeply. We value our friends, and we never forget them, and we think that you have helped establish here a powerful memorial to our friendship and our common ideals. So thank you. Now you’ll hear the translation. [End English.]

The second component for the success of Zionism was the Jewish philanthropists who came in at critical moments when the pre-state community was weak and hung by a thread. There were two who stood out: Baron Rothschild and Moses Montefiore. They shared one characteristic: They both broke through walls there before they broke through them here, and they fought and struggled to be accepted in English society, which was not easy for Jews, even for very talented and successful Jews. They paved the way for Jews to be accepted among the economic decision-makers in English society. They served as agents for fundamental change in 19th century English society.

And afterwards, or at the same time, they effected great changes here in the Land of the Patriarchs. They did not forget their people and they combined their practical sense with their historic and symbolic sense. I think that this came to expression here in the windmill project and in Mishkenot Sha'ananim, which well express this important combination.

Moses Montefiore made a great and significant contribution to Jews' leaving the walls. He contributed to their economic base during a very difficult time, even as the Baron Rothschild supported the early communities. Beyond the economic support, he also assisted Jews with know-how on managing enterprises and developing the economy of the future Israel. This double contribution was expressed here in this neighborhood and this windmill.

Of course, the story of the windmill is part of the story of the State of Israel and the third component that enabled the rise of Zionism was, of course, the Jews who returned to the Land of Israel, who came to build it and settle in it, and to develop it. And this, of course, is the most fundamental component. Today, I deem it proper to note the importance of the support of non-Jewish Zionists and the Jewish philanthropists alongside, of course, the great contribution of the Jewish public in the country in building the Land and in building Jerusalem.

My childhood memories are of this place. First of all, I studied not far from here, on the other side of the street. We would play soccer in the field and, from time to time, we would come here and this, of course, was Jerusalem then, which was still divided by walls then and we would look from here, it was not simple. There were all kinds of security questions here; as a boy and a youth, I remember these restrictions. But this was the scenery of my youth and it is said that a man is always defined by the scenery of his youth. We grew up with the windmill, this windmill which always served as a symbol for us. Today, I know that couples about to be married come here to be photographed, and people celebrate bar and bat mitzvahs here.

For us, this was a constant celebration but today it is a special celebration, because we are marking the restoration of this asset which will serve all residents of Jerusalem and Israel, as well as the tourists who come here, and this is a symbol of the spirit of Jerusalem. Jerusalem is a material city but it is also a city of the spirit. Here is the windmill* in the positive sense of the word. I think that the many Israelis who come here will remember the picture of Moses Montefiore and his family and will rejoice that in Jerusalem everything continues to turn, develop and prosper.

Thank you. Thank all of you for the great contribution."

[* Translator's note: The Hebrew word ruach means both wind and spirit.]
