Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventelyon1202012

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this evening at the Supreme Court, met with outgoing Supreme Court President Judge Dorit Beinisch. The Prime Minister initiated this first visit of its kind in order to express his appreciation for Judge Beinisch and the Israeli judicial system. The entire Supreme Court judicial staff – including Supreme Court President-elect Judge Asher Grunis – also attended the meeting.

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I asked for this meeting, first of all, because I wanted to tell you several things. On behalf of the people and State of Israel, I would like to thank you for your long, brave and important service in maintaining the Supreme Court. You have done so in exemplary fashion, through a complex period, under criticism. This would not have been easy for anyone but especially not for judges because they usually lack the ability to respond directly. But I think your record is very impressive. I do not think that you were deterred and you did not change your view of what was right, legal and necessary for the State of Israel.

Whenever I travel around the world, I give, in response to questions about the State of Israel, I give the courts – both the judicial system in general and the Supreme Court in particular – as examples of superlative courts. I think that the world appreciates it as a basic foundation of our democracy. I will not hide the fact that on the issue of gender equality, I always add that the President of our Supreme Court is a woman.

We are blessed with the objectivity which you and the other judges bring to your office which is certainly one of the solid foundations of Israeli democracy. I think that the independence of the courts is both understood and essential. In Israel, the courts have been, are, and will remain, independent. Any attempt to infringe on the independence of the courts will not succeed. One of your predecessors said that all bad things fail in the end. I think they are destined to fall. I have shelved all proposals designed to infringe on or curtail – in any manner whatsoever – the independence of the courts, and this is out of the deep view that I both inherited and encountered during my studies, this is basic. As soon as you touch this, the other parts of the triangle fall apart. This iron triangle cannot stand if one of the foundations is disturbed.

I think that there are problems, which we have discussed. I also spoke with Aharon Barak and I have managed to speak with Judge Grunis. I read yesterday's Torah portion and I read where Jethro says [Exodus 18:18], 'You will surely wear away' because the burden is too heavy. I think that the burden is heavy. I think that I need to deal with this and during Aharon Barak's tenure we began to add aides to help you bear this impossible burden. We must consider how to make things more bearable for you. I think that, to a large degree, it is super-human what you are called upon to do. We are looking to do this but one of the most important things was done by our friend Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman, who added 221 judges and this is a very significant addition to strengthen the Israeli judicial system. I think that this, as well as additional changes and assistance, and I will not slacken, will cost money, money that is well-spent in this case, and we will continue to do so.

I would like to congratulate you, Judge Grunis. You are continuing a glorious tradition and heritage. There is no other word, glorious; it is an institution at the foundation of our national existence. I think that democracy is part of our national existence and this court is a cornerstone of our democracy. These are not mere words and the opposition as well believes in them. I believe that democracy is not measured by such radical proposals as may arise from within it but by the response of leadership, of the critical mass of the electorate and of the political leadership, how they respond in face of radical phenomena. In our case, I think that the State of Israel is a responsible state with a responsible heritage and thus it will remain. There are judges in Jerusalem and I am pleased today that there are more judges in Jerusalem. Therefore, I would simply like to thank you for your exemplary service on behalf of the State of Israel."

Supreme Court President Beinisch: "Thank you very much, Mr. Prime Minister. From my perspective, your remarks are moving both personally and vis-à-vis the court. Perhaps not everyone knows, but I know that at very difficult moments due to various constraints, I was very concerned that our system might be harmed. And I knew, like you said today, that with your background, your worldview and everything that you represent, you would not allow the courts to be harmed. We have had several conversations, which I think that nobody knows about, but we have seen the results and the goodwill, in the professional context at difficult times.

This job is not easy. We sit at the opposite end of the triangle. We have no problems with the or with political partners. Certainly the political echelon has such issues. At the outset of your term, whenever there were problems, you referred me to the Cabinet Secretary and then to you. I think, and it is my feeling, that even if you were not always entirely satisfied with our rulings, it is part of this system of mutual respect and I felt that there was this respect and this backing for the courts.

Therefore, I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation and I have the sense that, both professionally and personally, I knew, that the Prime Minister would not abandon us. This is important. We are strong, we are very strong, but we also need the support of the other authorities and I felt that this exists."
