Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventteach161212

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Education Minister Gideon Saar, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with school principals and teachers from around the country and commended them on the significant jump in pupils' achievements on the international tests.

Attending the meeting were principals and teachers from all areas of study in which pupils were tested in the international TIMSS and PIRLS examinations – mathematics, sciences, Hebrew and Arabic. Prime Minister Netanyahu showed them a 2,700-year-old seal from the era of King Hezekiah from a place that, today, is near the Western Wall, and which bears the name, in the ancient Hebrew script, "Netanyahu."

At the Cabinet meeting, which was dedicated to the issue and which continued for three hours, Education Minister Saar presented the pupils' achievements.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said, "We want Zionism and excellence, excellence for all. In the State of Israel, we want people to be familiar with their heritage."

At the start of the Cabinet meeting, Prime Minister Netanyahu and Education Minister Saar made the following remarks:

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"In order to maintain our advantage, we must look forward and prepare for the two great challenges that await us. The first is the anticipated change in the global high-tech sector. We must make the necessary adjustments in order to remain at the forefront of tech industries even after these changes. The second is the significance of education in the age of the Internet, and how we deal with the paradox in which the cost of higher education around the world continues to climb, at a time when the cost of information is declining in all areas thanks to its widespread availability on the Internet. Successfully dealing with these challenges will help not only maintain the achievements that we have reached in recent years but also improve the situation of education in Israel even more."

Education Minister Saar:

"The impressive achievements by the pupils, in all areas, are the results, first of all, of hard work. But what happened here is not just a revolution in achievements it is, first of all, a revolution in awareness. It is a revolution that says – we can.

I tell the State of Israel and the Jewish People, in principle, according to our tradition of the love of study, of intellect and of perspicaciousness, even 7th place need not be the maximum achievement. We can reach better achievements and believe that we can do so in the future, and we can.

I, first of all, would like to thank the pedagogical staff. This is a great group that gives its soul, that works with a sense of mission, everyone preaches to it and explains to it how to do education. Teachers are the most important group in the country – you can hold your heads high.

The education system has experienced a great success and attempts to disturb this sense of success are nationally irresponsible. If we continue on this path, we can anticipate that we will lead in education and we will lead the western countries, as we have already proven that this is possible."
