Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokeparty300112



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks today, to the Likud Knesset faction:

"I asked for changes in the housing program criteria. The goal is to enable young couples to realize the Israeli dream of buying an apartment. I asked the military service component be significantly increased and indeed, at my request and that of Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, it was increased by 50% from 20 points to 30 points. There are claims to the effect that the plan discriminates against couples in which both partners work. This is simply not true. Two-thirds of the apartments are designated for couples in which both partners work. The final one-third could be for couples in which one partner works and this happens, by the way, not only in the ultra-orthodox sector but among weaker groups and these people deserve the opportunity to buy an apartment. But the improved military service criterion applies to all 100%. There is another item that I asked to be put in and it was, and it is perhaps the most important, namely where the apartments will be built. This determines more than any other factor. I asked that a committee be established on which will sit Prime Minister's Office Director-General Harel Locker and others in order to ensure that the apartments will be built in an equal manner throughout the country, in order to give an equal opportunity to all sectors of the population. I think that this is a major improvement and I was pleased to hear the positive reaction of my friend, Prof. Trajtenberg.

I would like to say to our reservist friends, and we all served in the IDF, and these are the people that the State is committed to: We know that there must be a better and more just sharing of the burden. In contrast to previous governments, that automatically extended the Tal Law, I decided to do things differently. I said that we would submit it to the Knesset. We must bring about a better and more just solution but we must not split and tear apart this people. We have six months to do this. I will also submit the Government's proposal to the Knesset.

Lastly, I would like to discuss the Jordan Valley. I heard the reports. I would like to say what I will do. This depends on me. I will sign a permanent agreement only if it includes Israel's remaining in the

Jordan Valley

. Nobody can ensure this but us. I think that we are acting responsibly and prudently and are seeing to the security of the State of Israel. This requires Israel to remain in the Jordan Valley."