Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechcroatia150212

Sir, this is your first visit to Israel as President of Croatia, and on behalf of the people of Israel, I welcome you. You have recently marked the two year anniversary of taking office. We met yesterday, and inter alia, we spoke on a personal level. I told you that I think you are making a big sacrifice given that you are a musician and composer. I do not know how much free time you have in your position as President of Croatia to continue working on your musical compositions. I can testify that our president, Shimon Peres, has unlimited strength. He finds the time to write books during his very hectic tenure, and I wish for you to be able to continue composing, but for now, you are trying to and succeeding in leading Croatia on a new path, a path of democracy and human rights, a path of new possibilities.

Yesterday we spoke of cooperation in a range of fields: the economy, tourism, security, water, energy and traffic routes. I told you of our intentions to establish a land bridge, a train between Asia and Europe. You told me of your plans to create a center, a junction to distribute goods that arrive in Croatia by sea and transfer them to all parts of Europe. We spoke of the possibility of connecting these routes to benefit both our countries and world trade. There are many new possibilities that opened up due to the fall of empires and the rise of new forces, and perhaps the Balkans, an area that was sentenced to endless conflict, has proven that conflicts that have lasted for hundreds of years can be ended.

I noticed that the former Prime Minister Disraeli spoke of the Balkan problem. It has certainly been some time since then, and despite the fact that the problems did not disappear, you found guided paths to resolve those problems through cooperation and economic development and the spread of freedom. This is a blessing and it encourages us to think that perhaps here too, eventually, such a thing could happen, although the direction our region will take is currently shrouded in fog. We hope for the best and for positive developments. The positive developments in Croatia and the Balkans in general developed against a background of great tragedy, tragedy mentioned by the Speaker. Eighty percent of the Jews in Croatia were annihilated, a significant portion of them with the collaboration of the Ustaše.

I do not need to tell you this because your father fought them. However, there was a high level of cooperation in annihilating the Jews, and I think that today the process of dealing with this fact has begun. You are leading the charge, and I feel that your visit here also symbolizes this process and the will to examine your past in order to ensure that all our futures will be different. I believe that there is real commitment, yours, that of the Croatian government and of broad sections of Croatian society to guarantee different relations with Israel. I am certain that this attitude will help us move forward into a different world, a better, safer and more just one, a world that mobilizes in time against barbaric incidents that unravel the international and universal norms of cultured people.

The Speaker of the Knesset rightly mentioned that there is such an unraveling in our region, including the massacre we are witness to in Syria, a criminal slaughter that takes the lives of dozens, and even hundreds, of innocent people every day. Not far from there, we hear the murderous declarations of the Iranian leaders, but not only declarations – Iran is the largest exporter of terror in the world. Just recently, Iranian terrorist actions were revealed to the world.

Iran undermines the world's stability. It hurts innocent diplomats in many countries, and the countries of the world must condemn Iran's acts of terror and mark the red lines against Iranian aggression. If it is not stopped, such aggression will spread to many countries.

I am certain, Mr. President, that your visit indicates not only the new and staunch friendship between our countries, but also our strong partnership in preventing this shared danger to humanity and human freedom. Because of all this, I wish to welcome you to Jerusalem.
