Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventtrump251212

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu awarded the Trump Foundation Master Teacher Award to Nikolai Schwartz, a physics and mathematics teacher and the coordinator for the science-engineering program at the Ort High School in Arad. Education Minister Gideon Saar, Education Ministry Director-General Dalit Stauber and Trump Foundation Executive Director Eli Hurvitz also attended the ceremony. Citations were also awarded to Dr. Avir Abed, a chemistry teacher at the Galilee High School in Nazareth and to Eyal Sinai, a physics teacher from the Rabin High School in Modi'in.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "We made very important achievements on the international tests in education. I said that we want to be in the top ten in mathematics and science within a decade. In mathematics we advanced much faster than we thought and we are in 7th place. Now I would like to set a goal that in the next four years, we will bring Israeli pupils into the top five. This would place us at the forefront, in a place where we ought to be. We have great possibilities in mathematics, the sciences and language comprehension. These are the toolbox that will later enable us to deal with the other issues that we face in the modern world. Today, we also note the approval of a new university, the eighth in the State of Israel. This is a very important addition. We also recently opened a medical school in Safed, the fifth such institution, after many years. These give us a scientific and academic elite that is necessary to lead the revolution that we are talking about here."

Education Minister Saar said: "Today, we are showing appreciation and esteem for teachers in general and the excellent in particular. There have been many successes in the field and we have seen an improvement in all indicators, beyond the measurable goals. This is a result of the dedicated work of educators. All of the successes that we have witnessed will find expression in a different social attitude towards educators and will contribute to the advancement of education in our society."

Nikolai Schwartz said: "I am very moved to accept the award in the presence of the Prime Minister and the Education Minister. I am proud to represent the community of physics and mathematics teachers in Israel and am pleased to make my modest contribution to Israeli children. For me, the prize is a privilege and appreciation but also great responsibility to bring myself and my pupils to even greater achievements."
