Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechtrump251212

- Translation -This is an important, festive day.

It is said that not all children are equal, not everybody is equal. But every individual can live up to their potential; everyone should be able to receive an education, the basic and improved tool box that will enable them to cope with this modern world. These two statements – that we can bring out the best in each student, to the best of his or her ability, and that we should provide them with a tool box in sciences, mathematics, language proficiency and values of heritage – depend on one assumption: that Israel’s teachers will carry out that mission. That is the assumption, and therefore the idea that achievement is based on successful teachers, each of whom brings out the best in their students.

There is an obvious comparison and it is akin to connected vessels. That is why the importance of this prize is in integrating in that direction. We want to reward excellence, and we want to reward effort and improvement – of the teachers compared with each other and of the teachers towards their students. This is a conception which is ostensibly simple, and should be understood and obvious, but it is not. Gideon, Ella, this is a significant change, which I think places Israel at the cutting edge of the countries of the world.

Israel’s students are in seventh place in mathematics, with six Asian countries ahead of us.

We have impressive capabilities in mathematics, sciences, language comprehension. These are the tools which in turn enable us to deal with the other issues that the modern world deals us. And these are not mere words. Like anything else, it requires us to set goals that we must achieve.

The most important step in achieving goals is setting them – then we must consider resources, policies, management and leadership. But first and foremost, we must define the objective. That is important for the teacher, of course, and it is important for Israel in general.

Today we heard the news about the opening of a new university, the approval for a new university, the eighth in the State of Israel. This is an important addition. Our academic institutions provide us with a scientific and academic elite which is crucial for leading the revolution of which we spoke.

So this is a festive day. I congratulate you again. These exceptional teachers do blessed work, which is possibly the biggest change that is occurring here alongside the things I already mentioned: the fact that we have educators who have a calling, who dedicate their best years to providing the children of Israel with these tools, is commendable, and our entire society should salute you, and it does. Today I salute you.Thank you and congratulations.
