Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechtraffick021212

- Translation -"Human trafficking" is simply a horrifying term. It seems to belong to a darker, more primitive time, to a different century, and I do not necessarily refer to the 20th century. It is hard to accept that this phenomenon, which the President of Israel rightfully termed "modern slavery", and which includes harsh violence directed at its victims, and many times also the death of some of them… It is difficult to say, but we must admit that this phenomenon has not only been part of human society since its beginnings, it continues today.

This is a moral stain on the societies and countries that allow this trafficking to occur. Reality has proven that moral denunciation is not enough. Rather, alongside it there must be aggressive action and legislation, impartial enforcement and harsh punishment. This is the message that is being stated here at this important ceremony – a ceremony that has been taking place for five years. We do see change; change is taking place. This important work is bearing fruit. Last year was a turning point in our joint fight against human trafficking as it pertains to the State of Israel.

Indeed for the first time since the initial report of the United States State Department, Israel is ranked first among developed countries fighting successfully against human trafficking. This achievement did not appear out of thin air. All the authorities that mobilized and cooperated in our uncompromising war against human trafficking play an important role in this achievement.

I would like to especially mention our three main branches of government, the same as in any other democracy of course: the legislative branch, the executive branch and the judicial branch, which all acted with great determination in their respective field to stop this phenomenon. I think that what we proved is that when the government is willing and the Knesset is willing and the judges judge and the police acts – there are results.

Last year, in fact, for the first time not a single victim of sex trafficking was identified. Not one! Not one victim entered the territory of the State of Israel. This is an accomplishment that is not an obvious outcome, and I would also like to mention, as did the President, that most of the victims of human trafficking are women.

In general, I think that a society is measured by its treatment of women. It is one of the best measures of its level of enlightenment and progress. We cannot accept the twisted idea that half of humanity is property or can be owned by the other half. People have fundamental rights; women and men have the same fundamental rights. And that is the right to be a free person whose body is not traded or abused. This is a fundamental right in which we believe. It is a fundamental principle of our society. It differentiates us still, unfortunately, from the countries and societies which surround us. This idea of equality among people has spread and penetrated many continents, but it still has a long journey ahead of it – and in our region, we truly stand apart and stand out as a beacon of progress.

Therefore, the fact that we succeeded in preventing even the transfer of one victim of sex trafficking is, I believe, an important achievement for the State of Israel. I will add one other thing that happened over the past year which relates to other phenomena mentioned by President Peres: the phenomenon of removing organs from living victims, child abuse and child murder – and that is the ongoing occurrence that can be found alongside the procession of infiltrators to the State of Israel.

We heard horror stories, there is no other way to describe it, things so cruel I prefer not to go into detail here or even describe the pictures that I saw with my own eyes, and perhaps you have seen some of them as well. It is so cruel it is difficult to imagine. I speak of the predators that pounced on these processions of people and abused them. We stopped this flow, and of course we did so for our own purposes: to prevent the flood of illegal infiltrators looking for employment in Israel. Last year at this award ceremony, there were thousands of infiltrators in Israel already and there was an increase of thousands more each month who crossed our borders, entered Israeli cities and created the problems that were created. However, all this was accompanied by the terrible phenomena of abuse and human trafficking.

This month, only 40 infiltrators arrived – 40 – and not a single one of them entered Israeli cities. Therefore, this phenomenon has also been stopped, and with it, the human trafficking that accompanied it.

The State of Israel is the nation of the Jewish people, and I believe it must and does serve as a light unto the nations in the war against human trafficking. In many cases, the actions we have taken and our successes make the difference between a life of slavery and a life of freedom, between life and death. This also reflects our belief that he who saves one life saves an entire world. We have saved many worlds.

I am proud of the fact that the State of Israel continues our ancient human tradition, and I take this opportunity to congratulate the three winners of the 2012 prize: Attorney Shoshana Strauss, Attorney Naomi Levankron and the "Mesila" organization.

Each of you has acted in your field to help the victims of trafficking, and each of you has proven that reality can be changed through faith, determination and bravery. On my behalf and on behalf of the Government of Israel, I wish to offer our profound gratitude. Bless you.

Thank you very much.
