Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart220712



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"The victims of the murderous terrorist attack in Bulgaria were laid to rest over the weekend. I assume that like me, you saw the heart-rending scenes at the funerals, families that were torn asunder, and our hearts are with them, with those who have lost their loved ones, and we also pray for the well-being of those who were wounded. I would like to take this opportunity to also thank the security and rescue forces which sprang into action immediately both to save lives and to bring the wounded home quickly, and of course the Foreign Ministry and our ambassador, the security services, the Health Ministry, the Interior Ministry and everyone who was involved. They all worked with dedication and proficiency out of a very deep obligation. This truly reflects the mutual guarantee that is the foundation of our lives, and I can say that the State of Israel is responsible for its citizens wherever they are. We will continue to fight against terrorism, against the perpetrators and those who dispatch them.

I would like to briefly comment on the events taking place in Syria. We are closely monitoring what is happening we are prepared for any possible development.

At today's Cabinet meeting, Minister Yaalon will present the plan that he has prepared. The goal of the plan is to significantly increase the number of ultra-orthodox serving in the IDF and the number of ultra-orthodox and Arabs serving in civilian service. Minister Yaalon has been working on this for several weeks but as I said six months ago – before the High Court of Justice overturned the Tal Law – that we would submit a new law that would gradually increase the number of those who serve, among the ultra-orthodox and among the Arabs, without setting public against public. I think that one needs to understand that we are going to do this after 64 years, as a different reality has taken shape here in the country, and therefore, we are going to enact a historic change. This will be a realistic change that it will be possible to implement, and not an empty move the goal of which is to grab headlines. We will give more to those who serve and less to those who evade."