Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart010412

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Today exactly, we will start the Government's fourth year in office. This is the most stable Government in the last 20 years and it is a Government that gets things done, a lot of things.

Israelis feel safer thanks to the Government's vigorous security policy. They feel safer thanks to the major budgets we are investing in home front protection, with emphasis on the purchase of Iron Dome batteries. Additionally, there is the security fence along the Sinai border and other actions we are undertaking to increase security.

Israelis also feel that the economy is more stable and secure. We have fared very well in the face of the global economic crisis. The economy here is growing despite the global crisis, and unemployment is at its lowest since 1983.

There is nothing more social than an economic policy that creates jobs. Jobs are the most social thing there is and only someone who goes to the welfare office and has no income and no self-image before his family knows the effect of major unemployment.

Growth has allowed the Government to invest in all areas – highways, railways and interchanges. We are investing great sums in order to draw the Galilee and the Negev closer to the center of the country. We are carrying out unprecedented revolutions in education – from pre-school up to the NIS 7 billion we are investing in rehabilitating and advancing higher education. We are doing all of this in order to invest in the future. But today, the future is here – here behind me.

Today, five young people from the many hundreds who contacted me on Facebook – Hila, Roi, Sari, Yuval and Nestia – are here behind me. In a few moments, they will present us with their suggestions for legislation. This is your first visit to the Government?"

Children: "Yes."

Prime Minister: "Are you excited?"

Children: "Yes."

Prime Minister: "The ministers are also excited on their first visit but it passes, it passes.

We want to hear what interests the younger generation. But before that, I would like to comment on the price of gasoline. Last night, I decided – along with Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz – on a reduction in the price of gasoline that has been set by the global market. For the fourth time within a year, we lowered taxes on gasoline by the cumulative amount of NIS 0.80. I must point out that today, taxes on gasoline in Israel are smaller than in many European countries.

I would like to make it clear – we do not control world gasoline prices. The price of gasoline is rising all over the world, in all countries. What we can do is to try and ease the burden on citizens in a responsible and measured way, and this is what we are doing. However, we are constantly maintaining the budgetary framework. Therefore, later this week, I will submit to the Cabinet a proposal formulated by Finance Minister Steinitz to deal with maintaining the framework. Whoever says that it is possible to lower taxes and broaden expenditures without making an account lacks economic knowledge and is irresponsible.

We need the taxes in order to purchase additional Iron Dome batteries, in order to complete work on the fence, in order to finance free education for children, in order to pave highways and build railways, in order to help the elderly and the needy. By the way, in the past two years – for the first time in many years – the poverty index has begun to decline. The number of poor people in the State of Israel dropped for the first time in years because we have invested in the elderly and have encouraged the ultra-orthodox and Arabs to join the work force. For the first time, the clock is turning.

I am saying all of this because we must tell it like it is. I commend Finance Minister Steinitz and the Finance Ministry for their responsible conduct and because this time as well the budget for financing the tax reduction will be taken from a process of enacting greater efficiency in the Government. This time as well, we will not break the budgetary framework and thus we will maintain the Israeli economy in the face of the global crisis. And now I would like to hear from the children.

Thank you all."
