Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechhesped300412

Several weeks ago, when you refused to eat, I reminded you of that day in New York in the 1950's. It was only days after we arrived in the United States for your research. We were three children in a hotel with you and it was late. There was a snow storm raging outside and I was a little boy, a hungry little boy. And you said to Mother, "I do not want the boy to go to sleep hungry," so you went out into that snow storm. After about an hour, you came back wet and frozen to the bones, and you were holding a tray of warm food that you brought me, your little boy.

But there were much greater storms, not only in our private lives, but in our national lives – terrible storms that befell the Jewish people in the 102 years you lived. And you, Father, did not once hesitate to go out and face the storm and contribute your profound insights and the clarity of your writing in defense of the nation.

Two years ago, on your 100th birthday, I had a rare privilege that not many sons have, to tell you, Father, while you were alive, how much I love you and how much I admire you. I will repeat some of the things I said then today. You were wise. You always saw what was to be. Years before Herzl's vision became reality, you understood that he was right. In 1937, when you were only 27, you wrote, "Herzl saw that the whispering embers of the ancient hatred for the Jews would reignite. He saw a vision of catastrophe. It was clear to him that the nation faced total annihilation." You wrote this several years before World War II, and before the Holocaust that befell our people.

You not only agreed with Herzl regarding the danger, you worked as hard as you could to stop it. You worked to accelerate the establishment of the Jewish state by mobilizing the United States. You went to Jabotinsky in London in order to convince him to abandon his efforts in England and move his Zionist activities to the United States. You understood at the time that international public opinion, especially American public opinion, could help Zionism. However, shortly after you arrived in America, Jabotinsky died and you served as one of his pall-bearers. You did not lose hope upon the death of the leader; you went to dozens of senators and congressmen on your own, to American leaders like Acheson, Bolt and Eisenhower, who eventually became President, and you told them that the Jewish state, when it would be established, would not be defeated by the Arabs and that it would be a source of Western culture in the Middle East. Your work helped convince both large political parties in America to adopt the platform that supported establishing a Jewish state and demanded that England open Israel up to Jewish immigration.

Your foresight led you, Father, after Yoni's death in Entebbe 35 years ago, to coordinate a global intellectual effort against international terror. You said that countries stood behind terror, and therefore terror could be fought successfully by fighting these countries.

These qualities you had, Father, of foresight and your other qualities – I could not understand them as a small boy growing up in sleepy Jerusalem during the 1950's. Things became clear – slowly but surely they became clear to me and Ido during our teenage years, and the same thing happened to Yoni. He wrote to me in 1968, "The more I speak with Father, the more I appreciate him as an important man and educator. He is a great man, and he possesses tremendous strengths in many fields."

On this day, I am swamped with memories from my happy childhood in Jerusalem. From my father and my mother who is here nearby. Mother was a very practical woman. She had a vibrant sense of humor and her feet were firmly on the ground. She used to say, "I married a genius, but someone needs to take care of the socks". A very smart woman said these things, a very, very educated woman who helped Father with everything: research, deciphering texts – you should see what it takes to decipher my Father's texts, typing his handwriting, writing. Father, Mother was your right hand; she was the love of your life; she took care of the socks; she took care of everything.

At the house on Haportzim Street, where we moved in the early 1950's, you could dedicate yourself to your academic work, Father, to your study of Spanish Jewry, alongside your work as Editor-in-Chief of the Hebrew Encyclopedia. Scholars, poets, researchers and writers would visit you and Mother in your living room: Klausner, Leibowitz, Bezalel Roth, Benjamin Mazar, Uri Zvi Greenburg, Abba Ahimeir and many, many others. Sometimes I would hear you talking to your friend, Professor Klausner or with the historian, Professor Abraham Shalit, in your special language, "Would Sir like me to forbid his seeing it? Or shall I send Sir the manuscript?" Well, it does not surprise me that you used such language because even when I was 13 years old and you broke your arm in a soccer game, you lay down on the ground and moaned, "Oh children, children, how great is the pain".

But not everything about you was Old World. I remember that when we came to New York in 1958, you played soccer with us in Central Park, and you turned out to be a decent player. And when we returned to Jerusalem, we brought bicycles back with us and we would send those bicycles to be repaired on occasion. The repair shop was near your office in Mamilla. One day, you had to bring the bicycle back, and instead of taking a taxicab home, as you usually did, you made your way home by bicycle, and for days afterward, the neighborhood children told the story in amazement of how they saw the distinguished Professor Netanyahu riding a bicycle, in his suit, down Hapalmach Street.

You were a wonderful father to us, Father. Although you were busy, you always paid attention to our troubles and heart's desires at the right moment. And you had a sense of justice – I discovered that at the age of three. One day, I was acting out, and Mother asked you to restrain me. You started moving towards me in what appeared to me to be a threatening manner, although you never raised your hand to us, but because at that age, I had not yet solved that mystery, I stood before you and said in defiance, "You won't dare. Just because you're bigger than I am doesn't mean you can hit me". And you stopped in your tracks, thought for a moment and said, "The child is right".

Several years later, you started helping me with my history homework: Greece, Rome, the Maccabean revolt, the Second Temple. A few years ago, I found boxes with my notebooks from 5th and 6th grade in our house, and in them, you could clearly see that you had dictated to me, word for word, scholarly lectures on these subjects. However, you gradually weaned me from that, and when I would ask for your help later on, you would say, "You write it first, and I'll edit it", and eventually you said, "You write it and edit it, and I'll read it at the end". To the extent that I know how to do anything in both these areas, including editing my thoughts and trying to utilize a combination of discipline and originality, of thinking and action – it is thanks to the things I learned from you, Father.

Your roots in our heritage, our culture, our language, were deep. For ten years, you transformed the Hebrew Encyclopedia into a reservoir of profound insight, so much so that there were few houses in Israel that did not have the Hebrew Encyclopedia. This would have been enough for an entire life's work, but it was just the beginning of your path. In your books about Don Yitzhak Abarbanel and the Conversos, and above all, in your masterpiece, "The Origins of the Inquisition", you ushered in a revolution in the understanding of the history of Spanish Jewry. More than that, you ushered in a revolution in the understanding of anti-Semitism and its causes.

Father, we absorbed your love of the people and land, and your love for Mother and for us. How proud you were of us, you sons, in our studies, in the way we forged our paths in life, in our military service. Yoni spoke to you many times about his intentions to continue serving in the army for the time being, and you told him, "Decide what you wish, but in any case – find time to study." That was always your advice to us: "Study, get educated, form opinions". And so we did – Ido at Cornell, me at MIT in Boston and Yoni joined me for a short time during a break he took from the army during the magical summer of 1973, before the Yom Kippur War, when we took summer classes at Harvard University. And then something happened that forever changed the course of our lives. Your life, Father, like our lives, was cut in two: before and after that horrible day that Yoni died. When Ido called me in Boston in the middle of the night, I knew even before I picked up the phone that Yoni was no longer with us. I thought at the time that I had to get to you, Father, and to Mother, as quickly as possible, to where you were staying in New York State, before the news reached you some other way. So we drove, seven hours of hell, and we reached the path that led to the house you were staying in.

I saw you through the large glass window. I saw you walking and contemplating, and your arms were crossed behind your back. Suddenly, you turned your head and saw me, and a look of wonder crossed your face, and you said, "Bibi, what are you doing here?", and in the blink of an eye, your face shifted into a look of terrible understanding. You cried out a horrible cry and later Mother cried out as well, and I will never forget those cries as long as I live. That was 36 years ago, six years longer than Yoni lived. In the interim, Mother passed away, and on her gravestone here you wrote, "In greatness and splendor she bore her grief at the death of her son Yonatan, among the noblest heroes of the State of Israel in all its wars. She was unique and exceptional for all her days." And indeed, in the many years since Yoni's death, you both bore your grief with courage. I still do not understand where you found the strength to continue living with the sorrow, because it was during these years that you completed your masterpiece, which is considered by the greatest scholars in the world to be one of the history books that will last the ages. At the end of the book, on page 1,350, you thanked Mother for her tremendous contribution and dedication, which allowed you to do your life's work. You book on the five fathers of Zionism was dedicated, "To the memory of my beloved son, Yonatan, who sacrificed his life in defense of his people," and your book on the Inquisition was dedicated, "To Yoni, in grief that does not abate".

Your books clearly show that you were not only endowed with an ability to see the shape of the future, but also to uncover the secrets of the past, and of course there is a connection between the two. Many times, you told me that he who cannot understand the past, cannot understand the future, and he who cannot understand the present, how can he discover what the future will hold?

You always told me that a necessary component for any living body – and a nation is a living body – is the ability to identify a danger in time, a quality that was lost to our people in exile; that is what you said. You taught me, Father, to look at reality head on, to understand what it holds and to come to the necessary conclusions.

I am certain that this was not an easy thing for you, because there were always those who did not see as you did and dismissed your accomplishments. However, I believe that in this, too, you taught me to stick to the principle and separate the wheat from the chaff.

Today, Father, as I say goodbye to you, I would like to tell you the exact same words Yoni wrote to you 46 years ago: "I never told you how proud I am of the man that you are, and that I am your son."
