Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart300613

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this morning made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting:

"I would like to draw your attention to three things: First, the peace process. I held a third meeting with US Secretary of State John Kerry last night until the early morning, along with my colleagues on the negotiating team. Israel is ready to begin negotiations without delay, without pre-conditions. We are not putting up any impediments on the resumption of the permanent talks and a peace agreement between us and the Palestinians. There are things that we will strongly insist on in the talks themselves, especially security. We will not compromise on security and there will be no agreement that will endanger Israelis' security, and I believe, I think, that it is necessary that any agreement, if it is achieved, be submitted to the people for a decision.

The second issue that we will bring to the government is two reforms in the civil service and government ministries; in the civil service – to make service to the public and the functioning of government ministries more efficient, and in the ministries themselves, to decentralize authority among them so that they will be able to carry out their work with much less bureaucracy. All of this is designed to serve the public. These reforms are very important, we intend to advance them. Those who were active on this, and I thank them, were Civil Service Commissioner Moshe Dayan along with Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker, for the continuous and important work that will be submitted for a Cabinet decision today.

Third, summer vacation begins today and many pupils, many, many pupils, pupils in Israel, will finish school. I ask them, first of all, to go out and travel around the country, and be careful so that they return safe and sound, and I ask Israel's drivers to be careful with them, these are our children. Bring them back safe and sound at the end of the summer.

Thank you."
