Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventbarca040813

Thank you, Mr. President and my fellow ministers and the Barca family, and of course our many guests here. I now know it’s very simple. What we have to do is put Messi, Xavi and Iniesta in the field and our negotiating team, and it’s over – we have peace, it’s just a game of football. No, it’s more complicated than that, but there is something in the spirit of sports and in the universality of the love for football that creates common ties. And that, I think, is the real message: that there are common ties between peoples that can be enhanced by sports. And in this regard I welcome you here to enhance it.

I’m one of those common ties. I watch you all the time and in fact I’m like you, because for the coaches of this team, we both play on the international field, you get paid more than I do… You also have common goals: what you usually want to do is score opposite your rivals, but also protect your home base, the goal, your goal. And, you know, there’s something else: if you win, everybody shares in the victory; if you lose… No, no, no, we don’t lose, but if you have a tie, then it’s your responsibility.

But we know that we want to achieve great successes of human potential. Every one of your players, both individually and as a team, has a potential, and you want to make sure that you realize all of it, which is our desire to do with our own people, with our neighbors. This is our great desire that we have in mind, but there’s something else too.

You just visited the holiest site for the Jewish people: the Western Wall. There are other sacred sites and sites of great import in this land – from the Galilee, through Jerusalem, through the south of the country – that have great significance for all three great faiths: for Judaism, for Christianity, for Islam. And here’s my great hope. My hope is A) To see good football games; B) To have peace and security; and 3) To have one percent of your fan base – they have many millions – one percent visit this great site and this great country. That would help our economy and would help peace as well.So congratulations for coming here, welcome to Jerusalem, and welcome to Israel.Thank you.
