Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventperes180613

[TRANSCRIPTION]

Former president Bill Clinton, well, once president, always president,The president of Albania, The president of Rwanda, Prince Albert from Monaco,

I asked you whether I should call you Your Excellency, Your Highness or friend.

Now I am going to switch to Hebrew, and in the end I will summarize in English, so I will spare you the translation for the final moments.

[TRANSLATION]

It is my honor to be here with all these leaders and distinguished guests from Israel and abroad, and most of all to be here with the guest of honor, President of the State of Israel, Shimon Peres – congratulations dear Shimon.

Shimon, you are a man of vision. You are a man of peace. You continue to take an interest, to investigate, to hope and to act. You know, the President and I meet often and we discuss important matters such as peace, security and the economy. Here and there we also discuss politics, and then supposedly, the conversation is over. However, with Shimon it is just beginning.

He discusses robotics, genetics, brain research. You mentioned nanotechnology? He can talk about anything – about the education system and science. Everything. Shimon, you are proof that curiosity has no age limit and that one can be young at any age.

This is the opposite of prevailing wisdom. Usually as one ages, one looks back at the past, to the past, to the familiar; whereas you always look to the future. I want to tell you all, this is a very Jewish trait.

Our people experienced thousands of years of exile, and as time passed, we never stopped dreaming. The dream only got stronger until we realized it and established our country, and you, Shimon, were among its founding fathers.

Our people never stopped investigating. Twenty percent, or slightly more if I am not mistaken, of Nobel Prize winners are Jewish. In relative terms, it is as if there were not 14 million Jews in the world, but rather one billion. Our people never stopped investigating and it never stopped receiving Nobel Prizes, and Shimon, you are one of them.

Along with your traits of innovation and curiosity, you have accompanied us through all the stages of our lives, from the establishment of the State through today; through the War of Independence, Dimona, developing the Negev and Galilee and your efforts towards peace, as well as looking forward to the 21st century. However, tonight I would like to talk about one specific day on your journey – the first day I met you. It was 37 years ago, on the day of the funeral, the day we buried my late brother, Yoni, who fell during Operation Jonathan to free the hostages in Entebbe, Uganda. Shimon, you delivered a eulogy that touched my heart and the hearts of my family, and I will never forget it.

You were the Minister of Defense at the time, and together with then-Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, you made one of the boldest decisions in the history of the State of Israel – to return the hostages to Israel from the heart of Africa and to raise Israel's profile in the world. I know, Shimon, what a combination of determination, responsibility and courage was necessary to make such decisions. That same determination, responsibility and courage are also needed today to ensure that the State of Israel exists in security and peace in the face of the new challenges that surround us.

[TRANSCRIPTION]

Here is what I said. I said that when Shimon was born – I didn't say it, but you saw it. When Shimon was born, the Jewish people were defenseless; we had no peace and we had no life. We were almost destroyed, and then we built a state and an army. Peace favors the strong. Nobody will make peace with a weak Israel. We have learned this and Shimon Peres has devoted his life to build Israel and to build peace. A strong Israel creates the possibility for peace. We extend our hand in peace to our neighbors – all of them. But we are always ready to defend ourselves.

This is what I have learned from Shimon Peres – look to the future, remember the past, be prepared for peace and be prepared to defend yourself. This is a good summation of a life, but there is no summation.
