Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmimshaki290513

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the Prime Minister's Office, convened the 13th meeting of the economic round table. The round table is regular framework for inter-sector dialogue in order to advance public goals.

The round table operates from within the Prime Minister's Office and is an inter-sector forum comprising Government, business and third-sector representatives. It is a regular forum for dialogue in order to advance social goals via inter-sector cooperation. The round table is chaired by Prime Minister Netanyahu; Prime Minister's Office Director-General Harel Locker acts as vice-chairman. There are also two vice-chairpersons from the second and third sectors. The round table is comprised of 36 members, senior managers and representatives from the public, business and third sectors. Eleven recently-chosen new members also participated in today's meeting. Chosen from among 100 applicants, they will serve for the next three years.

The new members – eight from the business sector and two from the third sector – are: Business sector – Strauss Group President and CEO Gadi Lesin; Ronit Fishman, one of the owners of the Fishman Group; Bazan Group Chairman Akiva Moses; IDI Insurance CEO Raviv Zoller; Koret Economic Development Funds Managing Director Carl H. Kaplan; Zionism 2000 Managing Director Shari Nuriel; Variety Israel Chairman Ory Slonim; and high-tech entrepreneur Shuki Ehrlich; Third sector – Be-Atzmi Director General Tzvika Goldberg; SHEKEL CEO Clara Feldman; and Gvanim Association CEO Nitai Schrieber.

Among the projects promoted by the round table are the advancement of social enterprisers in Israel, building a legislative platform to assist in encouraging philanthropy, building infrastructures for civil society in time of emergency and cross-sectoral voluntary initiatives.

The public sector representatives are: Prime Minister's Office Director-General Harel Locker, Finance Ministry Director General Yael Anduran, Finance Ministry Deputy Accountant General Yair Tal, Justice Ministry Director general Guy Rothkopf, Deputy attorney General Dina Silber, Social Welfare and Social Services Ministry Director-General Yossi Silman, Education Ministry Director General Dalit Stauber, Environmental Protection Ministry Director-General Alona Sheafer-Karo, Culture and Sports Ministry Director-General Orly Froman , Bnei Brak Deputy Mayor Menachem Mendel Isenberg and Ashdod Mayor Yehiel Lasri.

The business sector representatives are, in addition to the aforementioned eight new representatives: Dualis Fund founder and CEO Hanoch Barkat, Ariel Netivim Chairman Haim Ariel, Jewish Federations of North America Senior VP for Israel Rebecca Caspi and RASHI Foundation Executive Vice President and Director General Itzik Turgeman.

The third sector representatives are, in addition to the aforementioned three new representatives: Israel Venture Network Executive Director Michal Simler, Israel Youth Movements Council Secy.-Gen. Naftali Deri, Israel Association for Ethiopian Jews Ziva Makonen-Degu, ELEM Managing Director Efrat Sprot, AHARAI! Managing Director Danny Rosner, Abraham Fund Initiatives Director General Muhammad Darawshe, NOVA CEO Hadas Gabay-Larom, Israeli Union of Environmental NGO's Associate director Naor Yerushalmi and Bat-Ami Director General Yedaya Levin.

At the start of the meeting, Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "The challenge facing all of us is to know how to bring together the action, knowledge, forces, abilities, innovation and creativity of the three sectors. We have before us the opportunity to implement these cooperative ventures. The challenge before you is to define where and how are the best ways to act together in order to advance public goals. I expect to receive from you updates on your activities and to hear – by the end of the year – about the results of your joint efforts. I wish you all success." The Prime Minister added, "Important social steps can take place only due to the strong Israeli economy."

Prime Minister's Office Director-General Locker said, "I welcome veteran participants and newcomers alike. I ascribe great importance to advancing joint projects for the three sectors that are adapted to the needs of the Israeli economy and society. Around this table is the ability and desire to gather resources, as well as the ability to increase the pie in accordance with the unique strengths of each sector."
