Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokeaza291213

The Cabinet, today approved Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's NIS 166 million plan for economic benefits for Sderot and the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip. The goal of the plan is to strengthen residents, local authorities and the regional economy in light of the security situation and the difficulties regarding daily life.

The 2014 plan includes a series of benefits for residents of the area: Tax benefits, local property tax benefits, exemptions from leasing fees, daycare benefits, investments in infrastructures and local authorities, benefits for industry, agriculture, trade and employment, and expanded medical and social welfare services.

Among the benefits are: 20% tax credits, a 30% discount in local property taxes on residences, subsidized daycare, economic assistance to local authorities (NIS 8 million for the Sderot municipality and NIS 5 million for regional councils), an employment track for the absorption of new workers in the area, a 24% discount in local property taxes for industry, trade and services, a 15% preference in the allocation of foreign workers for agriculture, subsidies for new dairy farms and exemptions from Israel Land Authority leasing fees.

Psychological and social services for those suffering from shock – especially children – will be expanded at five local centers. Assistance will be provided for the operation of emergency medical units in the form of increased mobile intensive care units, the operation of night switchboards and bolstering the mental health center in Sderot.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said, "I ascribe great importance to Government backing for Sderot and the communities in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip. Over the past five years, the Government has invested NIS 950 million in strengthening their socio-economic fabric. As long as the daily security tension continues, the Government will continue to support these communities. We have done so and will continue to do so."

The plan was formulated by the socio-economic team chaired by Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker and which included representatives from the Finance, Interior, Negev and Galilee Development, Health, Economy, Social Welfare and Social Services, National Infrastructures, Energy and Water, Agriculture and Rural Development, and Construction and Housing Ministries.
