Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventfootball020613

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today in his Jerusalem office, met with Israel's national under-21 football team, ahead of the UEFA Under-21 Championship, which is due to start this Wednesday, 5 June 2013. The Israeli team will open the tournament with a game against Norway in Netanya.

Also attending the meeting were Culture and Sports Minister Limor Livnat, Netanya Mayor Miriam Fierberg, Culture and Sports Ministry Director-General Orly Froman, Israel Football Association Chairman Avi Luzon, Tournament director Ronen Hershko, Israeli team coach Guy Luzon and the team's players. The team gave Prime Minister Netanyahu a team jersey with his name on it and an autographed ball.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said, "Along with all Israelis, I am excited. I watch football and sometimes play and this has a price at my age. It is pure enjoyment and a great love. The achievement of the tournament is that it is happening in the State of Israel. I am pleased by UEFA President Michel Platini's strong stand that the tournament take place here; this is important for a country that loves sports. The Israeli national team represents something important; it represents all parts of the population of Israeli society that has united to play together on behalf of the country. You will represent the State of Israel with honor. I would like to commend you; you already have a great success in that the tournament is taking place in our country."

Prime Minister Netanyahu wished coach Guy Luzon success in his current task as well success as the coach of Standard Liege in Belgium, where he will represent Israeli professionalism.

Culture and Sports Minister Livnat said, "The national team will be at its best and will represent Israel with honor. Last week, the government approved an allocation of NIS 4.1 million for the tournament which is taking place in Israel for the first time. Great efforts have been invested in hosting the tournament despite the heavy pressures that were applied against hosting the championship in Israel. I call on fans to go and offer encouragement and I wish great success to the national team or, to put it simply, many goals in the other teams' nets."

Israel Football Association Chairman Luzon said, "I thank Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the understanding that this tournament is of national importance and will greatly help the State of Israel's public diplomacy overseas by showing a beautiful Israel that loves sports. I would also like to thank Culture and Sports Minister Livnat for her steadfast support and for the allocation of resources for organizing the tournament on a higher level. I invite Israelis to come to the stadiums and enjoy a unique football experience."
