Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart140713

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Negev and Galilee Development Minister Silvan Shalom, made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting:

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"This week we will mark the Ninth of the Hebrew month of Av, Tisha b'Av. We remember the disaster that befell our people – the destruction of the Temple, the destruction of Jerusalem, the destruction of our land. We remember that this destruction was accompanied, and even expedited, by gratuitous hatred among us. I think that the Jewish People has learned the lesson. We know the importance of unity among our people, a unity of forces, and such unity around central ideas. We have returned to the Land of Israel. We have built our state. We have built our capital Jerusalem and we have created one of the most prosperous, developed and advanced countries in the world. Today, this is very considerable given the background of what is happening in the region, from Morocco to Pakistan, and what is happening opposite an advanced continent such as Europe.

The State of Israel is prosperous, strong, united and developed and we must be united on the main goals that I will detail here – and stand together in the face of major challenges that threaten our security – regarding the implementation of the vision that we have here, especially the development of the Negev and the Galilee on a large scale.

A month has passed since the Iranian elections and Iran is continuing to press quickly forward on developing a military nuclear ability. It is expanding and advancing its enrichment facilities and, at the same time, its developing its ballistic missiles capability. Again, these are threats not only against us but against the entire West and the East as well.

We are determined to insist on our demands, which must be the demands of the international community. One, to stop all enrichment. Two, to remove all enriched material. Three, to close the illegal nuclear facility in Qom. We believe that now, more than ever, in light of Iran's progress, it is important to intensify the economic sanctions and place a credible military option before Iran.

Regarding today's Cabinet meeting, we will make a very great effort, and I think that it is a historic move in the context of Government decisions to approve a national plan for the development of the Negev. We have already invested in the Negev, in highways, railways, and in various efforts that have led to impressive development, but our hand is still extended.

The plan that we are submitting today for the development of the Negev entails an additional investment of NIS 500 million and this investment will be in all the main aspects of life in the Negev in order to raise the quality of life. It is concentrated in employment, with an emphasis on high-tech. The Negev especially Be'er Sheva, is going to quickly become an important high-tech center for the State of Israel.

The plan deals with economic development, strengthening infrastructures and housing solutions. I would like to ask my colleague, Minister Silvan Shalom to say a few words. The plan embraces all of the main communities in the Negev – Be'er Sheva, Dimona, Yerucham, Arad, Ofakim and the Merhavim Regional Council. It will also develop Be'er Sheva as a cyber center. In coordination with the Israel National Cyber Bureau, we are implementing joint projects and this is also a sign for the future, a better future for Be'er Sheva and the communities of the entire Negev. Silvan, if you please."

Minister Shalom

"Thank you. Today is an especially moving day for me, as a man of the Negev, as the Negev and Galilee Development Minister, as we come today with the civilian response to the IDF's move southward. The Defense Ministry is doing everything in order to move IDF bases. Last week, we dedicated the communications site, but we need to provide the civilian response, and this government, under your leadership, has understood that without providing the right civilian response to those who will potentially move – it will not be possible to for them to live in the Negev. We hope that those thousands of career personnel who will come with their families will the Negev to be their home, and in order to allow them to do so we have set up a one-stop-shop center, at which they can receive all the information they need about jobs for their spouses, education for their children, housing and infrastructure possibilities, culture and recreation, and we will assist each and every one who applies until they take root in the Negev.

Today, we are developing the Negev apace, Mr. Prime Minister. A high-tech park was recently established in Be'er Sheva and has opened its gates. Of course, in the Rahat-Lehavim-Bnei Shimon industrial park, we have brought companies like Soda Stream and Cargal, and in Netivot, in the Noam Industrial Park, which had been closed for many years, we brought Tara.

You mentioned, of course, the development of infrastructure, for health, education, smart classrooms – today we are seeing dramatic changes, and we are talking about another NIS 500 million, in addition to the NIS 45 billion that we have invested in recent years and this is a great amount beyond the normal investments, of course, in the Negev.

And therefore, today we are coming with genuinely good new that will allow all those who want to move, to tell him 'You have the possibility of doing so because in the Negev today, there are conditions that are no less good than in the center of the country, and sometimes even better' regarding housing prices, education, employment and a long series of issues such as culture and recreation which, I believe, are developing and prospering very well in the area."

Prime Minister Netanyahu

"I would like to thank all of the ministers who have contributed on this issue, to Finance Minister Yair Lapid, all transfers of funds are related to you, and to Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, regarding the IDF's move south, and to the other ministers who0 dealt with the issue."

Minister Shalom:

"I would like to add, of course, the Finance Minister, who has been very supportive, and also Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker who, along with Negev and Galilee Development Ministry Director General Orna Hosman-Bechor, led the work for over a year, along with all of the relevant ministries."
