Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechcaesarea061113

--Translation--

I would like to tell you what I believe the main target is. We are are a country that is challenged. We are the most challenged country on the face of the planet. We face many challenges, but first and foremost is the challenge of security. The security threat that we face is like that faced by two superpowers. We do not have the GDP of two superpowers. We have the GDP of a developed but relatively small country. The only way that we can finance our security expenses, which change form but are becoming more and more tied to expanding technological expenses, is by economic support – not by over taxation, not by receiving money from others. That aid has not nor will it increase – if it increases at all – at the rate we need to finance our security, and therefore in order to assure our collective security, in the next two decades we will need to encourage a growing economy.A growing economy has several characteristics in a changing world. Our world is rapidly changing, not only in terms of regional developments, but also in economic and technological terms. We were successful over the past decade to grow Israel's economy more than most, if not more than any other Western nation because we understood what had to be done to ensure economic growth. I outlined it in your conferences when I served as Minister of Finance – at the Caesarea Conference a decade ago. What we said would happen, happened. We said we would catch up with many European countries and grow at a rate of 5% per year – between 4% and 5%. That significantly increases our per capita GNP, but we cannot rest on our laurels. We must continue growing at between 4% and 5%, at a higher income level, a higher per capita income, in the coming decade, and catch up with, in my opinion, most of the leading countries in Europe. There is no reason that cannot happen. We are in an age of information and we have a lot of information. We need to leverage this in a manner that will give us a competitive advantage. We are a relatively small country and we need to ensure the growth and prosperity of eight million people; tomorrow it will be ten million. It is not 100 million and it is not 330 million. How do we do this? There are several ways and I will mention five. The first is to leverage our technological capabilities in the market. To this end, we are doing things that are forcefully directed towards something that will grant us not only physical security, but also a clear advantage in the global economy. The most dynamic part of the global economy, the one that is growing the most rapidly and in a non-linear fashion, is the economy of the internet.The economy of the internet is like a leopard leaping up a steep incline but right behind that leopard, breathing down his neck, is a small bobcat, grabbing his neck. This bobcat says, "You're not leaping forward without me". That bobcat is called cyber defense. It is impossible to defend contracts, transactions, it is impossible to defend information, it is impossible to defend privacy, it is impossible to defend against sabotage, whether it be by individuals or organizations or countries – it is impossible to defend all this without the ability to develop cyber defense and that is why the need for it is immense. Countries, companies and citizens need it. It is a tremendous need that is growing at a rate parallel with the leap of the leopard.In Israel, we have an abundance of special ability in this field, not relative to the rest of the world; that is obvious. In an absolute manner, we can transform Israel and are working to transform Israel into a global cyber power. Two years ago, I established the national cyber headquarters. We are currently working to move the headquarters, together with the 8200 Unit and our other units, to Beer Sheva University. Near this center inside the university, we are also building an industrial park. It's getting a little crowded there. It is starting to raise real estate prices not only in Beer Sheva – where it is already affecting prices – but in nearby areas.Why is this important? Because I remember the first time I encountered this phenomenon 40 years ago. I was a student at MIT and I lived on campus. Near the dormitories was a long building, a warehouse with opaque windows and bars over those windows. I asked what it was, and I was told that it was something called the National Lab. I was told that it had something to do with the federal government – the CIA, the NSA. That was the first time I heard those acronyms. Of course, this investment, if you will, both cybernetic and in the university, led to the development of rings of businesses around Boston. In fact, this was the first Silicon Valley, and it was duplicated at the same time at Stanford, the Silicon Valley with which you are familiar.That is exactly what we are doing now in Beer Sheva in a controlled and directed manner, in order to transform Israel into a global cyber power. I said we would be among the top five – in my estimation the top three and perhaps not on the bottom of those three. That is the first target and it has tremendous repercussions on the development of the Negev, on the fast trains and roads that we are bringing there – the train station that arrives in this place and the fact that we have standards that we are bringing there and of course the thousands of regular military personnel that are connected to this activity and to other activities that will be there. This is the realization of Ben-Gurion's original vision, but in vision it is coming true not only by dictating policy and a declaration of vision, but by powerfully combining with market forces. There are many tremendous market forces here because of the dynamic element. Let me give you an example: there are many other things we need to do in order to connect the State of Israel and its citizens to the world of technology, such as the fiber optic network or the fast fibers we are laying from Kiryat Shmonah, not coincidentally, to Eilat, to provide access to everyone. These are things that are meaningful both in social terms and in economic-technological terms of the first order. This is the first subject.The second subject is infrastructure, other infrastructures, not communications or information infrastructures but first and foremost physical infrastructure. We still have to transport ourselves and goods. We are laying a network of roads and fast trains in the State of Israel. We began these plans in my previous government and allocated NIS 27 billion to a multi-year plan with the goal of connecting our small country as one unit, to build fast roads and train tracks north and south. This, combined with opening up planning processes, simplifying them and shortening them, opens up land resources.We will use high real estate prices, the high housing costs in the Dan region in order to develop Or Akiva and Afula and Yokneam and now Safed, because in addition to the strong anchor of the cyber city in Beer Sheva, we are also developing a campus in the Galilee – medical and biotechnical – in Safed. These things have created movement of a strong population, and will of course lead to larger supply of apartments, larger supply of lands, with the condition that we pass the planning law in the Knesset. This is the largest obstacle that we have still not overcome and I intend to overcome it now. The laying out of the roads and train network, together with opening up the land is a great means of economic growth. It joins many industries and is a social instrument of supreme importance because people who are allegedly outside the Hadera-Gedera central area… and by the way, go and see what is happening in Gedera and Hadera. Interesting things are happening there too. People are entering the circle. Suddenly the value of the land they own – some shack or small apartment – suddenly it gets its own value, and that brings them into the circle of wealth. This is the second thing we are doing, and we are doing it very methodically and clearly.I add to this something that is not popular among economists. First of all, I want to create a outlet for the possible closing of the Suez Canal or delays there by building a bridge, a train route, across land from Eilat, where we are now, to Ashdod. This ensures global transportation from Asia to Europe. There are many countries, first and foremost China, Chinese companies, which are interested in such a thing. However, in addition, at this festive occasion, let us add also passenger trains. It was explained to me how uneconomic it is. I think the significance of this thing should be understood. It leverages our geo-political advantages and location which currently are not being leveraged and gives us an opportunity to develop the Arava, the Negev and Eilat. The second thing is a network of roads and trains alongside opening up lands in order to assure growth, and incidentally of course to provide a response for the housing needs of Israeli citizens.A third subject, in addition to cyber, technology and transportation infrastructure is new markets. At the head of the new markets, I place China. I was there and we set a G to G inter-governmental consultation framework in order to allow Israeli companies accessibility to the approximately two-thirds of the Chinese market controlled by government companies. In contrast to our regular ways of operating, where we say to people, "Well, we'll give you the maximal export insurance", here we need to allow our companies an entry to political paths, diplomatic paths into the Chinese five-year plan or for their fundamental infrastructure needs: clean water for hundreds of millions of people, health for hundreds of millions of people, providing milk to hundreds of millions of people. I am speaking of concrete things we are currently discussing with China in order to integrate Israeli companies and experts into China's needs in a controlled manner. New markets: I include China, but not just China and Asia because there are more, and I also refer to a certain market, which is Latin America, where there is an interesting and important opening up and there are several countries there which are very interested, like many others. Everyone is interested in three things: technology, technology and again technology. We of course are interested in marketing our technology in new markets as well, and there are many other places in the world I did not mention. I mention these two anchors as they are very important to us.I just mentioned three practical fields through which we want to increase the GDP, to increase it to at least those 4% per year – between 4% and 5%. This will provide for our security, social and educational needs. Of course this will provide our children with the ability to deal with the world of tomorrow with the necessary tools, and we have made changes in the education system; we have changed the trend. We need to continue in this path and advance the results. The results are important. Just the expectation of results from the children is what gives us the ability to get things from them. It is extremely important and it has proven itself in many countries. Of course, everything must be in the right dose, but ambitiousness is very important. Ambition, excellence, these are values which we uphold, which are in fact a guiding principle for our people. This is how we succeeded in many aspects and that is how we are succeeding in the State of Israel, and we should always remember this. However, it will not help if we only educate our children and do not allow them access to a competitive economy. That will not help. Then we will have educated people who are unemployed.In order for all that I have said to succeed, we need to continue to allow the degrees of freedom in the Israeli economy for entrepreneurs and there are two things in this context. First, we must delimit the government, we must. I do not accept talk about making changes by increasing expenditure to 50% of the GDP. Some people even say that in certain places in Spain it is close to 56%. Right now it has decreased; it was higher. This is extremely dangerous and it leads to bankruptcy. We must maintain fiscal responsibility. This means, just like in any business or household, if you spend more than you earn, as time goes on everything disappears, bankruptcy, and we cannot allow that. We must reduce, and we have succeeded in reducing out national debt. We reduced it from around 100% to around 70% relatively quickly, in less than a decade, and we must continue this trend.This says two things; one, control over government spending, not to break the budget. We are not breaking budgets. We changed the fiscal law, not always to my liking, with butterflies in our stomachs, and I think we need to strictly adhere to the fiscal framework and not be tempted to increase the government's part in the national product. There are numerous justifications and explanations – it is a mistake, simply a mistake. There is no reason. We are still in a respectable place and we must ensure that it does not increase and maybe decrease. That is number one. The second thing is not to cover deficits with additional taxation. There are certain fixes that can be done in the taxation system, but the tax burden must not increase; it does not need to increase. This is global competiveness; countries move from country to country, people move, especially the more talented among us; and a reasonable taxation level must be maintained. If you maintain reasonable spending, you can also keep a reasonable level of taxation. This is a goal and it crashes forcefully into the populism that states that we need to do everything through higher taxation. Of course, those with the highest incomes, and more and more – it is very attractive – I never bought into it and I never acted according to this logic.Sometimes, because of a lack of any other option, we made fixes because the political reality forced us to, but I think that as a goal – if I speak bluntly – we must ensure restraint in government spending and cautious funding by taxation in all fields in order to continue the growth, because all told when there is 4% to 5% growth, you get all the taxes you need, even if tax rates are lower. My opinion has not changed in this regard. I think that time has proven the rightness of my views, about which, by the way, there were many disagreements, even at the Caesarea Conference.Now, there is something else, and that is, of course, the question of competition. In my opinion, this is the important thing. Genuine competition ensures the trickle-down of the advantages of goods and services to the level of the simple citizen, and it is for the lower classes, which are very dependent on outlay, so that they can buy goods or services at a lower price. For them, this is much more important than for the wealthier classes, and therefore competition is both an economic and a social tool of the highest order.Here I would like to turn your attention to the question of what drives competition in various countries, including ours. Our centralization was at times governmental centralization; later on it was union centralization; and later still was clerical centralization: it is a combination of these things, but there is also cartelization or monopolism of private capitalists. I believe in businesspeople; I believe that the private sector is the engine of growth. I believe in small businesses and that we must look after their welfare and help them. But in any country, and it is true in this country as well, cartels have taken root. The cartels work hand in hand with the clerks and the laws and bureaucracy and with all kinds of explanations and statements, and that is why I decided several years ago, during my previous tenure, to establish the competitiveness committee, before the demonstrations, before Trajtenbert. This is my view – I want competition. I do not want monopolies – not governmental, not union and not of the private sector. If I privatize, I want to privatize into competition, and as much competition as possible. In order to ensure this, we are currently passing the competiveness law. I turn your attention to an important book by an Italian economist working in America named Luigi Zingales. He really makes the distinction that I am making, and he calls it pro-market and pro-business. Pro-market means both businesses and consumers while pro-business tends to consolidate around large businesses, and while I have nothing against them, if they begin to cross the line into cartels and monopolies, then I do object. I am currently trying to open the market up to competition, both in importation and in internal competition, and I believe this is a very, very important challenge in every country – in every country, but first of all in our country. This is a very small country with cartelistic and monopolistic companies controlling a very large part of the economy, and they do not have competition with other companies. Certain monopolies are unavoidable, but they are very few, for example, transferring electricity, but not in creating it or in other parts of that system. So that is the direction I believe in: technology, roads and lands infrastructure, new markets, first and foremost China, but not just China, fiscal responsibility alongside cautious taxation that can compete in the global market, and internal competition ensured by pruning the monopolies and cartels.That's it in a nutshell, but I think this is essential. I think it also contains the foundation for reducing gaps, first and foremost closing gaps by spreading north and south and finally eliminating the periphery. This is going to happen; it is already happening. What you will see in the Negev: around Beer Sheva, in Dimona, in Arad, in a few years will not be similar to what you know today because of the great forces we are introducing there. This is also happening in parts of the Galilee – the southern Galilee right now – but it will continue to expand. We also have other things to do, especially in the field of education, and excellent education alongside a free and dynamic economy is key; it is the best way to reduce gaps.Of course we are not just investing the products of growth in security, but we are also helping the elderly, who are outside the cycle of competition, and helping the Holocaust survivors, whose numbers are decreasing, helping children in need. But I think that this outline is the right one. It is possible and it is an outline to which I am committed and I will continue leading the State of Israel upwards. We have the possibility to be – I believe this – to continue to be one of the great success stories of the knowledge-based economy of the 21st century. We are there and we will climb the hill. Thank you.
