Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventfosun100613

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today held a working meeting with Fosun Group Chairman Guo Guangchang, who is visiting Israel accompanied by a group of Fosun Group and Fosun Pharma senior executives. Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker, National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Eugene Kandel and Foreign Ministry Deputy Director General for Foreign Trade Ohad Cohen also attended the meeting.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and his guest discussed ways to deepen cooperation between Fosun Group and Israel. The Fosun Group Chairman updated the Prime Minister on the establishment of a venture capital fund in Israel to locate investments for the Group in Israeli start-ups. The Group intends to increase its commercial presence in the form of a technological greenhouse to locate and promote Israeli technologies, as well as find additional business opportunities for cooperation with Israeli companies and distribute their products in the Chinese and international markets. This will be a major investment body which has already proven its seriousness vis-à-vis investing in Israel by purchasing an Israeli company for $240 million.

Prime Minister Netanyahu, who visited China last month at the head of an Israeli business delegation, has defined commercial ties with China as a significant growth engine for the Israeli economy in the coming years. In this context, an inter-ministerial committee is currently being set up to work with its Chinese counterpart in order to advance bilateral commercial ties and express both governments' backing for closer economic ties. Current exports to China (not including diamonds) do not realize the potential and stands at a mere $2.4 billion (a 6% increase over 2011). Israeli exports to China are mainly advanced electronics and communications products, machinery and equipment, chemicals, diamonds and medical equipment.

Fosun Pharma recently acquired Israel's Alma Lasers for $240 million. The aforesaid Fosun Group senior executives arrived in Israel following completion of the deal and have expressed their willingness to further expand the group's activities in Israel. The Economy Ministry and its commercial attaches in Beijing assisted in coordinating and preparing for the executives' visit.

It should be noted that since Prime Minister Netanyahu's visit to China, a series of high-ranking Chinese delegations have come to Israel including the head of Xinhua and a group of approximately 15 mayors and provincial officials.
