Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart090613

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting:

"Over the weekend, I spoke with Russian President Vladimir Putin. We discussed issues related to Syria, where the situation is becoming daily more complex. Only last week, we saw battles close to out border on the Golan Heights. Israel is not intervening in the Syrian civil war, as long as fire is not being directed at us. The crumbling of the UN force on the Golan Heights underscores the fact that Israel cannot depend on international forces for its security. They can be part of the arrangements. They cannot be the basic foundation of Israel's security.

I will also discuss this with US Secretary of State Kerry. I have spoken, and will speak, with him about this, and together we will try to advance a way to find an opening for negotiations with the Palestinians with the goal of reaching an agreement. This agreement will be based on a demilitarized Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state, and on solid security arrangements based on the IDF.

So that we might meet these and the many other challenges facing us, the Government must function as one unit. As of today, in less than three months, we have done much. First of all, the Cabinet passed the budget. We passed the 'Open Skies' agreement. We formulated an outline on a more equal sharing of the burden. We are now changing the date for the conclusion of daylight savings time. There are also many other things that ministers are working on that will reach the Cabinet table and will be passed. I would like to re-emphasize that the citizens of Israel chose us to focus on getting things done, not on petty politics – and this we will do.

Last week I commended Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch and Israel Police Commissioner Inspector-General Yohanan Danino on the impressive progress in the investigation of the horrible murder at the youth club in Tel Aviv. I visited the site shortly after the crime and met with several young people who were there at the time of the murder. It seems that there has been very substantial progress. I very much hope that this cycle will be concluded shortly. This is important for the rule of law in the State of Israel and for the sense of equality for all Israelis."
