Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventbeitar251113

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, launched a stamp dedicated to the Betar youth movement named after Joseph Trumpledor. Also attending the ceremony were Communications and Home Front Defense Minister Gilad Erdan, Israel Postal Co. CEO Haim Elmoznino, World Betar Director Neriah Meir, Israel Postal Co. Philatelic Service Director Yaron Ratzon and Betar movement members.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "The stamp expresses the great contribution of the Jabotinsky movement and of Zeev Jabotinsky (whose picture, along with that of Joseph Trumpledor, appears on the first day envelope) himself to the establishment of the state. This is the founding core, alongside Hashomer and other movements that created for us the military force to realize Herzl's vision of a Jewish army alongside a Jewish state. Jabotinsky brought the understanding that we must maintain our own protective force, in both the military and the political spheres. I think that the commemoration of the Jabotinsky movement on this stamp has great symbolic importance."

Communications Minister Erdan said: "The Betar movement represents national values that at times may appear anachronistic. They are only seen as such but in our view, I think of all those here today understand that these values maintain us as the Jewish people here in the Land of Israel. Stamps are also sometimes seen as anachronistic but they have very great national importance and are significant as one of the symbols of our sovereignty and the Government of Israel. I think that the time has finally come for the Betar movement to be featured on a national stamp with which many young people will be able to learn about those values."

World Betar Director Meir said: "The decision of the State of Israel to issue a Betar stamp corrects a historic injustice and attests to the strength of our society and state today. The fact that the Prime Minister is present strengthens the historical significance." He added: "On behalf of the members of that youth movement dedicated to The Iron Wall, we would like to commend you, Mr. Prime Minister, for your great efforts vis-à-vis the nations of the world as an iron wall against the threats facing Israel."

Israel Postal Company CEO Elmoznino said: "The stamps that we are issuing express the splendid history of the Jewish People and Jewish culture and reflect on the movement that encourages young people to be active on behalf of the communities in which they live."
