Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventitaly010713

[Transcription]PM Netanyahu:Prime Minister Letta, welcome to Jerusalem.

It’s a pleasure to see you. We’ve talked on the phone but I look forward to our conversation.

Rome and Jerusalem are really the common foundations of our common civilization.

You gave to the world the foundations that developed into the modern state; and the Jewish people, from this city gave the concept of universal morality.

In the modern period, I can say that the Italian Risorgimento was a great inspiration for the rebirth of the modern Jewish state.

Leaders like Moses Hess and Herzl and Jabotinsky took inspiration from Garibaldi and Mazzini. And so it was a natural partnership that continues and has continued now in the friendship between our two societies and we exchange everything.

We have robust trade – we have to balance it out a bit… robust trade and commerce, and science and technology and medicine and tourism, fashion, all these things…

Israel is a bustling society. Italy is a hub of creativity and there are many similarities and many complementary things we can do, specially in the fields of technology and enterprise.

So I look forward to discussing these, as well as our common quest for peace.

We want peace.

I want peace.

We want to restart peace negotiations as soon as possible, without any obstacles. We have to get into the tent and stay in the tent and seek to end this conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. That’s our goal. That is Secretary Kerry’s efforts, which I think deserve consistent and constant European support, and I’m sure that Italy will give that support.

In addition, we’re facing significant challenges in our region from security, from a security point of view that I’d like to discuss with you. I think the immediate one is from Hezbollah, which is one of the preeminent terrorist organizations of our time. It’s now participating in the butchering of Syrian civilians with the Assad regime. It’s conducted terror campaigns with Iran across 30 countries including on European soil: in Bulgaria, they tried in Cyprus and failed. And I think that it’s important that Europe designate Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. Because if Hezbollah isn't a terrorist organization, I don't know what a terrorist organization is.

And lastly, I think we have a common interest to make sure that Iran does not develop nuclear weapons or nuclear weapons capability. That too is something that should be tested by what they do and not what they say. And we should always look at substance over style, and as long as Iran continues to enrich Uranium and not to remove its enriched uranium and to continue its activities in the illicit facility in Qom, I think the pressure should be held on them. In fact, I think the sanctions should be increased, because I think that’s the only thing that might produce results if coupled with a credible military threat.

These are positions that I think are important for the common security of Israel and Italy, Europe and the world, and many in the Middle East understand this.I hope to have an opportunity to discuss all of these and other matters with you. I appreciate your friendship, I appreciate the position of Italy which has been, I think, important in bringing a focus of stability and seriousness to all of these discussions.

And I welcome you again to Jerusalem.

Thank you very much Mr. Prime Minister. It’s an honor and a pleasure for me to be here.

As you know, it’s my first visit out of Europe as Prime Minister. And I’m here for my first visit out of Europe, I think is a signal, is a very important signal. And we are, as you know, very much aware on how you are committed in this peace process. And we are very much… We hope, of course, that we will try all together and you, first of all, the Palestinians and Secretary John Kerry, you’ll be able to find a solution. I think it will be very important for global peace and for prosperity in the area, and not only in the area of course.

Our bilateral relationship are all at its best and I think for us it’s very important, because as you know very well, for us it’s very important to have very good bilateral relationship not only for what concern culture, philosophy and so on, but also because we want to learn from you how to build a start-up nation: how to build start-ups, how to build a more innovative and more innovation in our economy. We want to have more innovation in our economy, so for us it will be very important to strengthen this cooperation.

We will have our next bilateral inter-governmental meeting at the end of the year in Turin. For us, it’s an honor to have this opportunity. And of course, our meeting, our first meeting will be here, very important to discuss about all the other arguments. I will be very pleased to hear from you what you think about what’s happening in Egypt, what’s happening in other important scenarios, and of course Iran.

I hear from you your point about Hezbollah. You know we will be, the argument we will be discussed at the European Union level and there we will decide on an argument that I know very well for you is so important. So I’m very optimistic for the future. I think we can give as Italians, as Europeans, a big support to your peace process and to the process of cooperation and prosperity.
