Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventheiman070713

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Culture and Sports Minister Limor Livnat, this afternoon met with composer and artist, and Israel Prize laureate, Nachum Heiman and asked him to serve as a special adviser for a project to strengthen Hebrew song that will include, inter alia, digitizing generations of Hebrew songs and making them more accessible.

The project is the joint initiative of the Prime Minister's Office Heritage Branch and the Hebrew Song Dept. of the National Council for Culture and the Arts. Heiman is expected to contribute to the project from his vast experience as a composer and artist and is expected to receive approximately NIS 50,000 per annum for his services.

The Prime Minister's Office Heritage Branch, which is responsible for implementing the National Heritage Plan, and the National Council for Culture and the Arts Hebrew Song Department, which was recently established by Minister Livnat and which is headed by composer and artist Kobi Oshrat, will be responsible for implementing the project.

The Culture and Sports Ministry has already allocated NIS 500,000 to the National Council for Culture and the Arts Hebrew Song Department in order to initiate projects and encourage Hebrew song, including the documentation and preservation of songs which have become part of the country's heritage.

The project joins others regarding Hebrew song which are supported by the Culture and Sports Ministry, including a 2011-2012 project to reset Israeli songs to popular dances, in which Yoav Yitzhak, Shlomi Shabbat, Avihu Medina, Ruhama Raz, Gadi Elbaz, Aviva Avidan and others participated.

Through its "Culture for Israel" initiative, the Ministry holds Hebrew song appearances and events in dozens of communities and heritage sites. The Ministry ascribes great importance to preserving Hebrew song. To this end, it has, in recent years, invested hundreds of thousands of shekels in a project to produce documentary films on major Hebrew authors and poets, including Leah Goldberg, Yonah Wald, Chaim Nachman Bialik, Rachel and others.

Prime Minister Netanyahu told Heiman, "You are in our pantheon of artists. You have authored so many of the wonderful songs that I and my family grew up on. My brother Yoni especially loved your songs."

Culture and Sports Minister Livnat said, "We would be pleased if you would help us in the important enterprise of preserving and documenting the songs that form an inseparable part of the historical mosaic of the State of Israel. I am convinced that your vast knowledge and your desire to preserve and document the songs now and for future generations will be of significant value and will contribute much to this important project."
