Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmadaim300613

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Education Minister Rabbi Shai Piron, and Science, Technology and Space Minister Yaakov Peri, met with high school students who are members of Israel's science Olympics delegation, ahead of their departure for international competitions scheduled to take place this summer in Colombia, Denmark, Australia and Russia.

The international science Olympiads include four disciplines: Chemistry, physics, mathematics and computer sciences. The search and training process for the delegation is in cooperation with the Education Ministry and leading academic institutions in Israel, including the Technion (physics and chemistry), Tel Aviv University (computer sciences) and the Weizmann Institute of Science (mathematics).

Prime Minister Netanyahu commended the students and said: "This is not without great effort. This requires focus and must also come from deep love. One must delve into this day and night and become acclimatized to it – whether it is physics or mathematics or computers. One must get into the length and breadth and the heart of the matter, otherwise there is no excellence and maybe not the highest level of achievement. This level is reserved for few. It is to recognize the rules so well and then to break them, to become free from the rules is the greatest level of deep study." The Prime Minister added, "We live in the 21st century, which is a century of an explosion of knowledge, science and technology. The pace of change is quick and we must be quicker. Beyond all the other things we have said, your achievements are very important in order to ensure the future of the State of Israel in all aspects."

Education Minister Piron congratulated the members of the delegation and said that there might be future Nobel laureates in the room. "This is a badge of honor. I know how much you have invested en route to the Olympiads; the effort requires both knowledge and tears. I am moved that young people of your ages are taking up this mission and see it as such. From our perspective, you have already received medals but remember that this is only the start of the journey and I am certain that you will continue to hold high the torch of excellence for a long time," the minister said. He added that he feels great pride that one of his recent students, Ohad Kline, will soon participate in two Olympiads, mathematics and computer sciences.

Science, Technology and Space Minister Peri said: "The State of Israel is making every possible effort to continue the tradition of scientific discoveries, technological developments and inventions that affect all of humanity. Within a few years this torch will pass to you. I have no doubt that in a few years you will be at the forefront of science and technology in Israel."
