Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzl161013

- Translation -

Yitzhak Rabin, of blessed memory, is counted among the handful of leaders who bore the burden of national service and service to the nation. Today, as we mark 18 years since his assassination at the hands of a despicable murderer, we say: There is not nor will there ever be forgiveness for the murderer. The murder of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin is a crime that cannot and will never be absolved. We come together today to honor the memory of Yitzhak Rabin and we remember his great contribution to the renaissance of our people, to the establishment of our independence and to achieving peace with our neighbors.

The State of Israel recently marked 40 years since the Yom Kippur War. We primarily remember the path to great victory laid out in the Six Day War – during which Rabin headed the Israel Defense Forces – over that difficult war four decades ago. We analyze the steps taken during the war and we salute, above all, the courage of our fighters in the field, who turned the campaign around. However, what most of us remember less, or at least what is less discussed in the public dialogue, is what happened after the war: the rehabilitation of the IDF and of Israel's deterrence capability.

This is where Yitzhak Rabin came into the picture: In June 1974, Rabin was appointed Prime Minister, and during the three years he served during his first tenure, he, together with then-Defense Minister Shimon Peres, worked diligently to build a strong deterrence capability, one that could achieve decisive victory should war break out.

As a lesson from the campaign during the Yom Kippur War, he supported formulating an efficient defensive strategy, arming the IDF with advanced weapons and no less important in my opinion – in developing a crushing offensive capability, one which would extract a heavy toll from any enemy that went to war against Israel.

In addition, as Prime Minister, Rabin made the unparalleled brave decision to approve the operation to free the Israeli hostages kidnapped in Entebbe. The IDF demonstrated original thinking, determination and boldness, which made Israel proud. Earlier today at my office during a meeting with members of the Rabin family, I told them of the moving meeting in my family's house when Yitzhak Rabin came to comfort us after my brother Yoni died. I especially remember what he said at that time: "My faith has been confirmed because the IDF contains mighty forces".

The perception according to which Israel's security and strength are a guarantee for our existence and a condition for achieving peace was one that Yitzhak Rabin held his entire life. Rabin worked to achieve peace with our neighbors. We are committed to this goal today as well. President Peres, you rightly said that peace is made with enemies. However, peace is made with enemies who want peace. Enemies who do not want peace and who want us erased from the map are not a target for peace. We must ensure that while we pursue our aspirations to achieve peace with our neighbors who are not partners to this goal, we do not, God forbid, allow that kind of enemy a foothold in those essential territories which are located very close to the heart of the State of Israel.

Rabin well knew that peace could not be achieved or maintained without Israeli supremacy, supremacy that would deter any party interested in unraveling the peace. He wanted an olive branch and worked to achieve this, but he always remembered the sword that protected the two sheaves of wheat on the Palmah symbol. He believed in Isaiah's vision: "Nation will not take up sword against nation", but as was rightly said here, he was clear headed about it. Until the wolf lay with the sheep, he believed it would be better that we keep tight hold of the sword because only the sword would allow us to ensure the State of Israel's existence, and only if our neighbors recognize our strength can we achieve peace and ensure the existence of the peace in the long-term.

Members of the Rabin family, my friends, Yitzhak Rabin took many chances, but he did not close his eyes to the dangers. In his first speech as Prime Minister nearly 40 years ago, he said, "We must strive for arrangements that will create conditions that will allow us to examine the intentions of any Arab country – does it want peace or not?" Twenty years ago, during his second tenure as Prime Minister, he made similar statements, "Only a strong State of Israel can provide its leaders with the feeling of security needed to make difficult decisions, and sometimes painful ones, for peace".

There is a fundamental truth in that statement, one that has not changed. In the roiling and stormy Middle East – this time because of terrorism rearing its head, that time because of the overthrowing of regimes in Arab countries, now because of Iran's threats to destroy us – only a strong Israel can safeguard the security and the peace. Yitzhak Rabin contributed greatly to this strength, both in creating it and in maintaining it.

May his memory be blessed and that of his wife, Leah, who stood beside him the whole way – may their memories be blessed.
