Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmaccab180713

Welcome to the Maccabiah. Welcome to Israel. Welcome to Jerusalem – the eternal capital of the Jewish people.

This is the first time that the Maccabiah not only opens in Jerusalem, but that many of the games and competitions take place in Jerusalem. We say, you say, Jews across the world say: next year in Jerusalem. At this Maccabiah we say proudly: this year in Jerusalem.

Just in case you didn’t understand – next time you will come you will speak Hebrew. Year after year, Jews from around the world say: next year in Jerusalem. But today all of you, who have come here to participate in the 19th Maccabiah Games can proudly say: this year in Jerusalem, Israel's undivided and eternal capital.

This year, as every year, the united Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. You – 9,000 athletes from Israel, the United States, Britain, Australia, Argentina, Mexico, France, South Africa and more than 70 countries worldwide – came to Jerusalem.

The Maccabiah event is an exceptional meeting of Jews from five continents, and it is exciting to see young men and women dance and sing. They tell me that this is the world's largest matchmaking club. It is far more than that. Only in the Maccabiah can a 13-year-old Jewish swimmer from Brazil meet an 88-year-old Jewish tennis player from South Africa. Only in the Maccabiah can a Jewish swimmer from the Virgin Islands march alongside a Jewish marksman from Curaçao. Beyond the differences in background and origin, beyond the numerous and diverse languages, we are all one family and one people – we are all the people of Israel.

The Maccabiah is a celebration of sports, of competition, but it is also an event that represents the unique and united spirit of our people – the heroic spirit of the Maccabees. It is the spirit of an ancient people, a people with an extraordinary legacy spanning thousands of years, a people who have overcome all obstacles and established, 65 years ago, an independent state whose achievements are considered a wonder all over the world.

Yair Hamburger, one of the heads of the Maccabiah, told me that his father was an athlete in the first Maccabiah games in 1932. He arrived with his cousin, Yair's aunt, who was also an athlete, and after the Maccabiah they returned to Germany and brought their family here. Yair said to me: "I am alive because of the Maccabiah. My family is here because of the Maccabiah. I have a future because of the Maccabiah ". Since that first Maccabiah, we went through the greatest tragedy in the history of our people and the greatest wave of immigration in the history of our people. We built a modern, advanced state. Look at this remarkable stadium, look at this remarkable city, look at this remarkable country.

We have consolidated our strength and became a proud, powerful and confident nation. This is why I am telling you, our guests from abroad – many of whom are visiting here for the first time – once you have reached your heights and won your medals, go out and travel this country. This country is yours.

We love you. We are very happy that you came, and I will tell you the truth – I will be even happier if many of you decide, following this visit and this meeting, to immigrate to Israel with your families and become part of the renewed Zionist enterprise in the State of Israel, in the one and only Jewish homeland – the State of Israel in the Land of Israel.

I wish you success. Am Israel Chai.
