Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventinter101013

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today (Thursday, 10 October 2013), held a series of interviews with the following European media outlets: Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Le Monde, Financial Times, ARD TV, France 24 TV and SKY TV.

Following are excerpts from the Prime Minister's remarks:

"You know, I have a picture behind me, two pictures: one of Theodore Herzl, the founder of the Jewish national movement, who warned against the impending rise of anti-Semitism that would consume the Jews in Europe; and the other one is of Churchill. It's always here. It's not here for your interview. It's here because he said, "Don't let the Nazis arm themselves. Don't let an implacable radical regime have awesome power". And he was right. And I think there's a lesson to be learned here. Don't let a regime with unlimited ambitions and aggression – Iran – that is participating in the mass murder of Assad, propping Assad up right now, against thousands and tens of thousands of men, women and children; that is practicing terrorism across five continents; that has violated every Security Council resolution calling them to stop enrichment – don't let them have enrichment. Be tough, be strong, be consistent."

"So this regime that participates in this mass slaughter in Syria, that makes it possible – they're propping up Assad – that is practicing terrorism in five continents, in 25 cities in the last three years alone; that has violated every UN Security Council resolution to stop enrichment: This regime now is smiling and coming and saying, "You know what? Let me keep enrichment. Let me keep my plutonium reactors, and I'll make some tactical, some cosmetic concessions. You reduce the sanctions". You'll reduce the sanctions, the sanctions can collapse. So they'll get everything and we, our collective, we get nothing. If it falls on me to say something that everybody understands, well, I'll say it. And don't say I didn't warn you either. Don't say I didn't warn you. We have an odyssey of 4,000 years, the Jewish people. People have tried to destroy us time and time again. They have not succeeded and we're not going to let the likes of the Ayatollahs succeed. The important thing is it's not merely an Israeli issue. It's also your issue. And I think it's an issue for Germany. I expect them to do the right thing, and the right thing is not to fall into a trap."
