Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventchine301213

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today in his Jerusalem office, convened a meeting of the Ministerial Committee on Advancing Economic Ties with China, which he chairs. Also participating in the meeting were Transportation and Road Safety Minister Yisrael Katz, National Infrastructures, Energy and Water Minister Silvan Shalom, Tourism Minister Dr. Uzi Landau, Science, Technology and Space Minister Yaakov Peri, Deputy Foreign Minister Zeev Elkin and representatives of other ministries.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said at the start of the meeting: "The goal of this ministerial committee is to coordinate overall government activity in order to enhance cooperation between China and Israel. In the past year, I have met with the senior Chinese leadership – President Xi Jinping, Prime Minister Li Keqiang and Foreign Minister Wang Yi. We have seen an increase in the arrival of Chinese investors to Israel (click here and here) and our goal is to consistently increase trade with China, year after year. This is one of the main horizons for ensuring the continued growth of the Israeli economy, alongside continued investment in infrastructures, continuing to integrate the ultra-orthodox and Arab populations into the labor market, and fostering advanced technology, especially in the cyber field which is already leading to a revolution in the Negev and is contributing to the overall growth of the economy."

Israeli Ambassador to China Matan Vilnai updated those present on the intention to open a new Israeli consulate in Chengdu and on China's willingness to expand cooperation with Israel.

National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Eugene Kandel, who chairs the inter-ministerial committee on strengthening economic ties with China, and who visited China in September pursuant to Prime Minister Netanyahu's agreement with the Chinese leadership on establishing the committee, updated those present on joint activities and on the establishment of working groups on agriculture, water, energy, high-tech and clean-tech. He also presented the 2014 working plan, which includes meetings between the joint working groups in both Israel and China. "Since the Prime Minister's visit to China last May, it is possible to see that interest in cooperation with Israel has grown immeasurably throughout the Chinese economy and we have the opportunity to make a significant breakthrough in this direction," Prof. Kandel said. He also noted the importance of providing government sponsorship for private business enterprises operating in China.
