Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokeweather090113

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this afternoon at the Israel Police national traffic control center in Beit Dagan, held an assessment of the situation regarding the stormy weather. Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch, Israel Police Commissioner Insp.-Gen. Yohanan Danino, Israel Police Traffic Division Commander Bruno Stein, as well as representatives from the emergency and rescue services, the Union of Local Authorities and the various infrastructure bodies also attended.

At the start of the discussion, Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "We have waited many years for this rain. I hope that they will be blessed rains and not claim victims; therefore, I call upon the public to continue listening to the instructions of the rescue forces and to act with caution. I thank citizens for their patience. They understand that after the traffic jams are over, we will have full reservoirs and we need this water.

I convened this meeting, first, in order to be updated, and I am pleased to see that things are well under control, with the complete cooperation of all bodies. I would like to thank all those involved – Israel Police office, firefighters, IDF soldiers, IDF Home Front Command, the Public Security Ministry, Magen David Adom, the Israel Electric Company, the Tax Authority, the Union of Local Authorities, and local council heads. The systems are working well. I have instructed Prime Minister's Office Director-General Harel Locker to consider compensation for those who have been hurt as a result of the weather.

I appreciate the brave work – in the intense cold and strong winds – of all those involved. The emergency and rescue forces are struggling around the clock in the storm in order to save lives; on behalf of all Israelis, I thank you.

One month after Operation Pillar of Defense, the rescue forces are again proving that the Israeli home front can rely on them. In the stormy weather, their sole concern is to help Israeli citizens, and they have been very successful."
