Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventchambers190613

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, met with Cisco Chairman and CEO John T. Chambers. Also participating in the meeting were Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker, Israel National Cyber Bureau (INCB) head Dr. Eviatar Matania, Cisco Israel General Manager Boaz Maoz and other senior Cisco managers.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "It's a pleasure to see you again, Mr. Chambers, with your staff. This is an important day. About a year ago, we had a conversation about finding ways to enhance the cooperation between CISCO and Israel. In this year, we produced some interesting results."

The Prime Minister added: "Our national cyber headquarters wants to build a cyber infrastructure in Israel. You have decided to create an innovative cyber lab to service this goal and I think it's exactly the kind of cooperation that seizes the future and I think it's very good for Israel. I even think it's very good for Cisco. I think it's a way of creating the growth industries for the future, and I thank you for it."

Prime Minister Netanyahu emphasized that an international company's investment in the State of Israel gives prominence to Israel's significant and central role in the global cyber field, and added that he hopes for accelerated cooperation in all areas.

Cisco Chairman and CEO Chambers said: "When we were together a year ago, you challenged us. We talked about what every country in the world wants. Their future is based on education, broadband innovation, supportive government and your ability to work together. And then we talked about what the outcomes are of these capabilities, most important of all is jobs, inclusion of all your minority populations; you said especially the Arab population in terms of the focus. Healthcare and education would change completely as the country becomes digitized, and your ability to be an innovation country that soundly is preparing for the jobs that will be in the future rather than the past."

Today's meeting follows on the previous meeting, on 19 June 2012, between Prime Minister Netanyahu and Cisco Chairman and CEO Chambers in which Cisco declared its commitment to Israel. At that meeting to establish a joint working team to evaluate ways to expand cooperation between the State of Israel and Cisco in a range of categories, including education, health, infrastructures, communications and cybernetics.

Cooperation will advance Israel's qualitative, technological and human advantages, in various areas, in the global competitive environment, and will harness technology in order to reduce social gaps. Members of the team include PMO Dir.-Gen. Locker, National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Eugene Kandel, an INCB representative, ministers and senior Cisco executives. Mr. Chambers briefed the Prime Minister on the significant progress in investments in the agreed-upon areas.

Cisco Chairman and CEO Chambers announced three initiatives. First is the establishment of an innovative cyber research-and-development laboratory in the State of Israel. The laboratory will sponsor research on information security, will enable start-ups to use its facilities to test their products, and provide research in the security sphere for universities. This would be an innovative and pioneering simulation laboratory that will support research in a range of areas including advanced threats and device security, and analyze security in the financial, health and industrial sectors.

Cisco's decision to establish the laboratory in Israel fits in with INCB's vision and will constitute an important component in the broad network of academic and industrial infrastructure in cybernetics in Israel being advanced by the INCB.

Second, Cisco is building a network of consulting services in order to assist and provide answers to their security needs, and is recruiting 100 strategic workers in Israel, based on existing capabilities. These experts will propose information security and services solutions from Israel for the entire international community.

Third, through the Cisco Learning Program, Cisco will launch an information security training program on a pilot basis to train young participants to serve as information security experts. Program graduates will be accredited by Cisco.

Last, in the framework of Cisco's continuing efforts to support innovation around the world, the company is planning to invest $15 million via venture capital funds that support integration of Israelis and Arabs and the development of innovative security technologies.
