Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmalta151013

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of his meeting with Malta Prime Minister Dr. Joseph Muscat today:

"Prime Minister Muscat, it is my pleasure to welcome you, Prime Minister of of Malta, to Jerusalem. I think yours is the very first visit to Israel by a Prime Minister of Malta and it demonstrates clearly how dramatically our bilateral relationship has grown over the past decade. We work together in a variety of fields and we have both benefited from this cooperation. I think that there's much more that we can do and I intend to discuss this in your visit.

Malta has historic roots in the Mediterranean. We do too. And we've had the opportunity to chart a common future together by the ministers and economic leaders that are here. I think there are many areas we can think of working together in: science, technology, environmental protection, green energy, agriculture and much more. I add tourism. Tourism is definitely important. I intend to be one of those tourists. Since you're here, I intend to be there.

There is today, another round of negotiations that are beginning between the P5+1 and Iran in Geneva. These negotiations are beginning at a time when Iran is under intense pressure because of the effect of the economic sanctions. Iran is desperately trying to get these sanctions removed.

I think it would be a historic mistake to ease the sanctions when they are so close to achieving their goals. Now is an opportune moment to reach a genuine diplomatic solution that peacefully ends Iran's military nuclear program. This opportunity can only be realized if the international community continues to place pressure on Iran. Because it is that pressure that has brought Iran back to the negotiations in the first place. And it is that pressure which makes the peaceful dismantling of Iran's military nuclear program possible.

This is in the interest of all – of Israel, the countries of the Middle East, Europe, the United States and well beyond. We want a peaceful world and that does not include an Iran that retains nuclear weapons capability.

We are two democracies who are seeking progress, prosperity and peace and I am sure that your visit here will contribute to that goal.

Welcome to Jerusalem."
