Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventpmrome021213

Thank you, Prime Minister Letta, for this truly gracious hospitality to me and my delegation, my ministers. We've just met twice, for the second time in 24 hours. I too was deeply moved when we met in the synagogue last night. It was a strong personal and I would say binational reaffirmation of a very strong historic tie that binds the people of Italy and the people of Israel. It's so rich and multi-layered, at times tragic, and at other times triumphant. It was definitely triumphant last night and I can say this not because we don't face challenges, both of us. We do. You mentioned some of them and you mentioned also the challenges that you face internally to bring up your economy, to take the values of your society that are so important for you, as you just said, to bring them alongside the prosperity, employment, growth. We deeply understand that.

And yet the vision of our society, what we'd like to see, the kind of societies we'd like to see, come from the values that originated in Judea, made their way to Rome, were taken up and were disseminated to the entire world so when we come here, we feel there is a common cradle of civilization. I have to say that despite the very impressive development in Israel, there is no possibility whatsoever that our planning and zoning authorities would authorize something as beautiful and as ambitious as this, so we come here to taste the past but also to think of something that we could have in the future.I want to thank you again for honoring the Jewish community in Rome in the synagogue in Hanukkah yesterday. You are a true personal friend, you're a friend of the Jewish people, you're a friend of the State of Israel.

I would like to speak about tomorrow, because yesterday I spoke about the past, and tomorrow I think is a brilliant future for both of us. And I think the challenges of the day, of the near-present, the near-future can be overcome. We have within our societies the capacities to seize the future. The future belongs to those who innovate across the world. There will be no hi-tech industries and low-tech industries. It's disappearing as we speak. There will be economies that excel in innovation and those that fail to excel in innovation. Those that fail to excel in innovation will be left behind. The test now for all of us is to leap into the future. We have, in both our countries, remarkable men and women of science, of technology, of design. There are no people of design like Italy, but this is a big, powerful instrument, along with science, along with technology, along with engineering, along with art. And this collaboration between us can be very potent because again the future belongs to those who innovate. This is the only way we can justify raising the living standards for our products and services, with technology, with innovation. And I believe that we're on that course.

I know that you have now a crisis. As the Americans say, been there, done that. We've been there. We had a crisis when I was Finance Minister in Israel. Our economy was not going in a small way, it was contracted. We had massive unemployment. Our banks were in danger. But we flipped it very quickly. I don't pretend to give any advice to you because you know the situation in Italy better, but as I talk to you, I understand your passion and your commitment to improve the situation here. One of the ways, a modest way and perhaps not so modest, ways that this can be improved is by the series of agreements that we've just signed, because at a certain point when an economy turns, there's a small push that creates a tipping point to create growth. And once the markets, the economic force, understand that an economy has turned, they begin to add their own investment and their own momentum to this. We have signed today a series of agreements, twelve, in health, in medicine, in technology, in science, in education, in energy and water, in public security and civil defense. We also signed agreements in culture, in cinema, but also in culture and our Minister of Culture invited us to a concert on top of the rock fortress of Masada. Well, I have to tell you, I was very happy that you accepted. Of course I accepted. The last time that Italians and Jews met in Masada 1,940 years ago, it wasn't a good meeting. This is exceptionally better. And there is a new spirit that guides our friendship, not only an appreciation of our monumental past, but also our ability to act together to seize the future and I'm committed. I know that you are too. And I hope to work with you in practical, concrete ways that will demonstrate to the people of Italy that this is something that will better their lives.

I was very happy to see the Expo 2015 meeting. Well, you know, you're going to pass the zoning laws to allow that very narrow and amazing building to be built and I look forward to seeing it actually in practice and in addition we just spent some time on the start-up cooperation that we have. We want you to succeed and we want to be part of your success.

This is not to limit challenges in the Middle East; they are significant. You mentioned one challenge, which is, before our eyes it's something that we want to achieve and that is a durable and working peace with the Palestinians. Let me be clear about one thing: We want peace, we pray for peace, we're working for peace. We hope we have a partner for peace on the other side. We shall find out very soon.But the kind of problems that you had mentioned in Libya across the water, the problem of terrorism, the problem of violence, the problem of forces and groups that don't accept the very concept of life and society and civility that we have. This is something we don't have across a body of water; we have it 200 meters from our homes. So in addition to the political decisions that have to be made, we want to ensure that there is a sound foundation of security for the peace that we wish to achieve with the Palestinians. This peace is something we want for ourselves and for our children. But it will not materially affect what is happening in the Middle East. The tremendous convulsion that we see in Syria is not related to Israel and the Palestinians. The tremendous convulsion in Libya, not related to Israel and the Palestinians. The tremendous convulsions in Iraq, not related to Israel and the Palestinians. In Yemen, in Egypt and elsewhere – not related to Israel and the Palestinians.

There is a question of the future of the Arab world and whether they can find the sources of stability and pluralism and prosperity and growth that have eluded them. We can only hope that they succeed. But this is something that they have to advance on their own. We seek to advance a defensible, solid, stable peace with our Palestinian neighbors for our own sake and for theirs, but I'm afraid that the larger question of the Middle East remains open except one. If in the cauldron of instability that I've just described, we'll add another factor and this factor will be a nuclear armed Ayatollah regime in Iran, this will topple the apple cart in the other way.

I spoke before of the forces of modernity and prosperity and progress that can be tipped in our case towards a better future for all of us, but there is an opposite force that rejects modernity, rejects pluralism, rejects science, rejects technology and wants to throw us all back into – I was going to say medieval darkness, but my father was a historian of medieval Spain – I would say early medieval darkness, even further back. And this is the regime in Iran, though it smiles, continues to butcher people in Syria and to promote terrorism on five continents and to arm the most retrograde groups like Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad and Hamas, who are absolutely committed to rolling back the world that we hold dear.

So if this main engine, Iran, becomes armed with atomic bombs, this will be a pivot of history that will throw back not only progress in the Middle East – everywhere in the Middle East – but also will endanger, I believe, the peace of the world, the peace of Europe and the peace of the entire globe. This must be stopped.

There was great work that was done, great work that was done over the previous decade to put powerful, even biting sanctions on Iran and they appeared to be working. They were very close to achieving their goal of having Iran roll back its military nuclear program. Those sanctions have been eased and as a result of the easing, even though Iran has not even begun to implement the agreement, there appears to be a general relaxation of sanctions and a rush to accommodate Iran and to make it legitimate, as if Iran has changed anything of its actual policies, except to smile, to speak English on occasion and to make PowerPoint presentations. What a revolution!If this continues and the sanctions regime collapses, this will mark the end of the possibility of getting a peaceful resolution to the question of ending Iran's military nuclear program, and it shall. It shall be ended, but we seek and we prefer a negotiated diplomatic solution and for that purpose, the sanctions regime and the demands have to be kept in place and we should not be satisfied with political theater. We need substance. When I say "we", I don't just mean "we Israel". I include many countries, many Arab countries in the Middle East. I know that they don't always speak up as we do, but believe me, when Israelis and Arabs speak together and speak in the same voice, it's worthwhile for the world to listen, and I think this is important for many here in Europe and beyond Europe to get a real change, a real rollback of Iran's military nuclear program because if Iran continues towards the bomb, then this will be a pivot of history. Ultimately, knowledge and progress and the information revolution will win out. I have no doubt about that. You cannot run societies and you cannot give people hope with these closed, incarcerated tyrannical regimes; it's impossible.

But there is a possibility that until those regimes fall, as fall they will, that we will have great tragedy in the midst until that happens. There was a terrible, tyrannical regime that closed progress and pluralism here in Europe in the last century. It fell, but it amassed overwhelming power, and before it fell, it took down so many people with them, including one-third of my own people. We cannot afford to have that happen again. And my message yesterday, as we lit the candles of Hanukkah in the synagogue was that we will not allow that to happen again. But this is not merely for our sake. It's for the sake of free societies everywhere, and for people everywhere who long for a better future. We can have a better future. We can have one by standing up to these challenges. We can have it also by embracing one another and working on all these areas that we talked about, to better life, to give our children, to give our peoples the hope of a brilliant future, which means a future of freedom, a future of light and progress. This is what I am sure our cooperation will enhance, and I thank you, Enrico, again, for your extraordinary friendship and your hospitality. And I want to say, we wish you great success here in Italy because we say always, your success is our success and I believe that the more we cooperate with one another, the more programs we have, this becomes a simple matter of fact. We wish you great success. Thank you for your hospitality.
