Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokegrand080413

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, following the [Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Day] ceremony at Yad Vashem, telephoned Hannah Greenberg, a Holocaust survivor and the grandmother of an officer in his military secretariat. Several days ago, as he concluded his duties ahead of his appointment as a battalion commander at the IDF officers' school, the officer told the Prime Minister that his grandmother was a source of strength for him in the sense of mission he felt towards the State of Israel.

Prime Minister Netanyahu told Hannah Greenberg: "Hannah, we all found your story very moving. Today, the entire nation knows your story and I will do as you have asked and watch over our country. I am very grateful to you and you should be proud of your children and grandchildren." Hannah Greenberg thanked the Prime Minister and asked him to watch over the State of Israel because this State is all that we have.

Earlier, Prime Minister Netanyahu referred to Hannah Greenberg in his speech at Yad Vashem:

"Several days ago, I took my leave of a young lieutenant-colonel who served in the Prime Minister's Bureau military secretariat. He is going down to the officers' school in the Negev in order to train the future commanders of the IDF. At the farewell ceremony, he very much moved me when he told about his grandmother Hannah. Hannah is an Auschwitz survivor. On Hannah's arm, the Nazis tattooed a number that ends with 78. As fate would have it, the ID number that Hannah received in the State of Israel also ends in 78. The number of death that Hannah received in the extermination camp at Auschwitz is her number of life in the State of Israel. Hannah, who is watching us now, survived the Nazi inferno. She came to the Land of Israel. Her husband fought in the War of Independence and her grandson, an IDF officer, will train our future commanders, whose mission it will be to ensure that we live here forever."
