Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventrotem090613

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today met with Simcha Rotem, the last survivor of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. Education Minister Shai Piron and Immigrant Absorption Minister Sofa Landver also attended the meeting, which was held ahead of the Prime Minister's visit to Poland later this week.

Rotem, 89, who fought in the ranks of the ZOB (Zydowska Organizacja Bojowa, "Jewish Fighting Organization") told Prime Minister Netanyahu how he served as liaison between the bunkers inside the ghetto and the outside, how he rescued fighters from the burning ghetto via the sewers and on the events to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the uprising, which he returned from a few weeks ago.

Prime Minister Netanyahu told Rotem, "Our people are known for their talents but in the end, these talents were ill-adapted for the strength that we needed to survive the inferno of the Holocaust. You are a national and international hero. Your story stands on its own. The Education Minister has told me that during the events to mark the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, the audience gave you a five-minute standing ovation. They should have given you a longer ovation. You are simply a hero."

Education Minister Piron said, "Simcha Rotem saw the human spirit over and above personal interest and, therefore, did not hesitate to re-enter the sewers to save his comrades, Polish and Jewish alike."

Immigrant Absorption Minister Landver said, "Through your personal story we have touched the hell in which Jews lived during the Holocaust and learned about the Jewish resistance. You are a hero and a source of pride for all of us."

Prime Minister Netanyahu is due to leave later this week for the second Israeli-Polish inter-government meeting. During the visit, he – and five ministers – will dedicate the new permanent exhibit at Block 27 (the Jewish pavilion) at Auschwitz-Birkenau. The pavilion was renovated by Yad Vashem. The Government of Israel invested approximately NIS 30 million in the renovations.
