Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokespeeches031013

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will continue to give a series of interviews in the American media (including – inter alia – Fox and CNN) and will emphasize the need to continue the sanctions against Iran until it dismantles its military nuclear program.

Yesterday, Prime Minister Netanyahu was interviewed by journalist Charlie Rose. The interview was broadcast in its entirety on PBS and Bloomberg. Sections were shown on the CBS Evening News and will also be broadcast on its morning program. The Prime Minister told Rose:

"We just have to make sure that in this state of flux, we do the right things and not the wrong things. Because we can easily upset the applecart in a way that we won't be able to put it back together. We cannot do that, we have to be very responsible, buck the trends, don't go by fashion. If you govern by fashion and you govern by the kind of editorials you're gonna get, you'll get good editorials and later you'll get good eulogies. I'd rather have bad press and no eulogies, better a bad press than a good eulogy. My responsibility is to ensure the survival, security, longevity of the one and only Jewish state. I will do that pursuing peace, and I'm prepared to make historic compromises. I will never compromise on Israel's security. Never."

Prime Minister Netanyahu was also interviewed on Univision by Blanca Rose Vilchez and said:

"Iran directly threatens the annihilation of the state of Israel. They talk about it openly, they're trying to develop nuclear weapons to wipe us off the map, but they're not only threatening us. They're building ICBM's, intercontinental ballistic missiles. They have already missiles that can reach Israel; they're building these long range intercontinental missiles to reach the United States. And they want to arm them with nuclear weapons."

In an interview with NBC's Andrea Mitchell, Prime Minister Netanyahu referred to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani:

"He talks about his revere for democracy in Iran, he tweets here in the United States but they don't let the Iranian people use Twitter. He talks about the scourge of terrorism. Iran conducts, as we speak now, terrorist operations in dozens of countries. He speaks of the tragedy in Syria, Iran's forces help Assad perpetrate the massacre of tens of thousands of men, women and children as we speak. It's one thing to say one thing, it's another thing what they do, and I look at what they do, not what they say."
