Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart280413

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting:

"Last night, the IDF attacked targets in the Gaza Strip. I would like to make it clear that we will not allow a policy of sporadic firing. The sporadic firing of missiles and rockets will meet with a very aggressive response and we will do everything necessary to defend the security of Israeli citizens, both in response and in circumstances that are unrelated to a response. We will do what is necessary to defend the State of Israel and its citizens, in the north, in the south and in every district.

We are committed to lowering the cost of living in Israel. This government has etched this goal on its flag and it will carry it out. This is a government that advances reforms. These reforms will be on land, sea and air, in every field.

Last week, we advanced the "Open Skies" reform and today we are submitting a reform to lower the price of cars and repair costs. Later, we will submit a very major reform of Israel's sea ports. Today, we will also establish a committee on lowering the cost-of-living. I call on all ministers to submit reforms that increase competition, improve service, increase efficiency and help lower prices for goods and services for Israeli citizens. I think that we can bring about here the continuation of a great change that leaves citizens with much more money in their pockets and gives Israelis the possibility of buying products at the prices we see overseas.

The main reason for the high cost-of-living in Israel is the monopolies and cartels that prevent competition and thwart the lowering of prices to a level that Israelis can live with. Therefore, it is the government's obligation, and I encourage ministers to submit these reforms; you will receive backing, support and these reforms will be advanced quickly. I think that their accumulated weight could bring about a very great change here and jump the Israeli economy even higher and help Israeli society. In the end, it is the weaker groups who pay the price for inefficiency. The wealthier strata are less sensitive to the prices of basic goods and services, but the less well-off are very sensitive to it. When we measure competition in all walks of life, in all of the areas that your ministries are responsible for, we are helping both the Israeli economy and Israeli society. Therefore, this encouragement needs to be genuine.

Today, Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Stanley Fischer will present the new banknotes. They are beautiful and touch our soul. I agree with those who say that there is place to propose representatives of Sephardic and other Jewish communities. I am making a concrete proposal that the first [image] to be submitted for the next [series of] banknotes is that of someone whom I think is among the greatest Israeli poets – Rabbi Yehuda Levi, whose poetry I esteem as the work of a genius and who is important to our heritage. But there will certainly be other proposals. You are invited to submit them to the next Governor of the Bank of Israel."
