Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventvideochat080513

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held a live video-chat with millions of web surfers on Xinhua, the official Chinese news agency and one of the most popular internet sites in China with hundreds of millions of surfers every month.

Prime Minister Netanyahu opened the chat with a greeting in Chinese that means "Hello to you web surfers in China" and then answered the questions that he received.

Live chat between leaders and web surfers on Xinhuanet is a popular platform in China. It was dedicated by the Chinese Prime Minister in 2009; US President Barack Obama participated in a live chat during his visit to China that year.

Prime Minister Netanyahu's greeting for the Year of the Dragon last year was carried by Xinhuanet and has been viewed approximately 250 million times to date.

During the chat, Prime Minister Netanyahu about the main change that he can point to on this, his second visit to China, 15 years after his first visit to China as prime minister in 1998. He replied that he was impressed by the development, progress and tremendous growth and added that the goal of his visit is to increase bilateral trade and economic cooperation.

Most questions dealt with Israel-China relations in various fields. Prime Minister Netanyahu said that the State of Israel was a hub for great minds. "However," he added, "Israel is a small country, unlike China, and therefore, we would like this cooperation to be with those who also have great minds as well as size, and our two countries want this. The potential for bilateral trade is vast. It started with tens of millions of dollars and today amounts to over $8 billion, and there is no reason why it shouldn't double and grow constantly."

Finally, Prime Minister Netanyahu was asked about his hobbies. He replied: "I read a lot, I walk a lot, and to relax, I spend time with my family. Spending time with one's family and reading, like in education, characterize our culture. As the people of the book, we pass texts on from parent to child over the generations, just like the Chinese people. Passing along knowledge and education is something we have in common and is part of our tradition."
