Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechshamir090713

Translation

"I hope to be remembered as someone who loved his people and his country and guarded them his entire life and in every way that he could". This was Yitzhak Shamir's wish, carved on his headstone, and this is how we remember him. He burned with the desire to realize the Zionist dream. He dedicated his entire life to the Jewish people's national revival in its homeland. His complete devotion to this cause was reflected in the milestones of his life: in the "Lehi" (Fighters for the Freedom of Israel), the Mossad, the Knesset, the Government and as Prime Minister. Every day he would ask himself: "What can I do for the State and Land of Israel?" – in security, settlement, the economy, education and immigration absorption. He wholeheartedly believed that "the Eternal One of Israel will not lie and will not relent", but only on the condition that we do what is required of us.

Shamir was a leader with a very deep Jewish-historic awareness. He was well versed in the fateful chapters of our nation's history, both the highs and the lows. He personally witnessed the destruction that occurred during the Holocaust, and the annihilation of European Jewry had a crucial impact on his path and worldviews. His parents and sisters – his father, whom he deeply admired – all perished in the Nazi inferno along with the rest of his family. The tyrant who eliminated one third of our people instilled in Shamir the recognition that a renewed, powerful and prosperous Israel would be the only solace for the millions who were lost. It was also the only means to guaranteeing the Jewish people's future.

He dedicated himself entirely to the building of the "third temple" and to guaranteeing its independence, sovereignty and strength. Shamir believed that it was our duty and commitment as a small country surrounded by hostile forces to consolidate our strength, as a fundamental precondition for our existence and as a foundation for any future peace agreement with our neighbors. He was a pragmatic leader who saw reality as it was, without trying to sugarcoat it. He understood that the Middle East was inherently unstable, that we were surrounded by countries that were devoid of the stabilizing and balancing elements that existed in real democracies.

Thirty years ago, following Menachem Begin's resignation, Shamir introduced his first government to the Knesset. This is what he said then: "Despite the relatively calm situation, we must always remember that we live in a region that remains unstable and volatile. This situation is a result of the nature of the regimes surrounding us, the continued hatred towards Israel and the failure to accept our existence in this region. This reality compels us to constantly preserve our security capabilities and remain vigilant at all times".

The turmoil which is currently taking place in the Middle East shows that Yitzhak Shamir's worldview – for which he was severely criticized at the time – was in fact sober and realistic.

I share the essence of his worldview. We must consolidate our strength to guarantee the existence and future of the State of Israel as a peace-seeking nation. Israel extends its hand in peace to all its neighbors, near and far. At the same time, our hand can strike fiercely at those who seek to destroy us, because if we did not have military strength – with which we can overpower our enemies – we would have no existence and no peace.

Shamir knew our strength well. He knew how to employ it wisely. He refrained from acting when he knew that Israel's security interests would be better served by the actions of others, as was the case during the Gulf War. However, he did not see it as a substitute for taking independent actions that were vital to our security. When needed, he took action even in places that were far from our borders. Shamir exercised our right and our ability to defend ourselves by ourselves against any threat. This is a legacy that we will preserve.

May the memory of Yitzhak and Shulamit Shamir, who stood by him at all times, be blessed.
