Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechstanley260613

- Translation - Eight years ago I was asked to recommend a governor for the Bank of Israel, and the market started to rapidly overcome the economic crisis. We overcame the crisis and we are growing. The idea is to have growth of 4-5% a year, to surpass the southern European countries and then the rest of Europe. All the things we did served as an engine which started to operate. But an engine has a belt, and if the belt tears the whole engine stops. This belt is monetary stability. That is why it was important to bring in the best man possible, and there were many good men here.

Gillerman, you raised the idea. You said: “Look, it’s a great idea, but it won’t be accepted, and besides, he doesn’t speak Hebrew.” But I remembered that he did speak Hebrew. I phoned Stan, he did not sound very surprised – he must have read the article, but he didn’t say yes. I called him again and again and again, and then he consulted with Rhoda and said yes.It’s been eight years since then, and I think that we all appreciate that Stan came here to be the Governor of the Bank of Israel. It was significant because we weathered the global crisis and came out of it with stability largely thanks to Stan – which is not obvious. We passed the Bank of Israel Law with his encouragement. He advised us. Those are the roles of the Governor, to give advice – advice to do the right things and avoid doing the wrong things. He represented Israel around the world exceptionally well, and he continues to do so. He also proved that he simply knows the work, he knows economic work. That is clearly putting it mildly, but he definitely knows the work.

I also discovered that he is more Israeli than many Israelis, because he gets angry, which is good. He gets angry and says: “That’s wrong, this is right.” You understand of course that I feel very comfortable saying this because I usually agree with him. But if we ever did have differences of opinion, the disagreement would take place behind closed doors, and these were conversations that were never made public unless we decided that something should be made public.

Stan worked with the excellent team at the Bank of Israel. I saw Karnit and Hezi and others – a great team that has helped transform the Bank of Israel into one of the most highly esteemed central banks in the world, and that has made a huge contribution to the “monetary stability belt” and to our economy. What currently sets us apart from other European countries and many other countries in the world is that Israel is no longer an emerging market – it has already emerged. But we must continue.

And we will continue by means of reforms, developing new markets, gas, integrating populations into the job market, technology and fiber optics. I won’t go into that now, but we do need that belt, and we are lucky to have the strong traditions and the stable foundations that Stan provided, and international control, which is very dear to us.

I want to thank you, Stan, for the important contribution you made to the Israeli economy, for your wit and perception, and for your leadership which has been a blessing to us all. You are leaving behind a strong and well established institution, but it is threatened. In my view, the biggest threat that we discussed quite a bit is the populist waves that threaten to wash over more than just our economy; they are already washing over other economies. It is the wave of alienation from and harassment of the private sector, which has always been the engine that drives the entire economy and produces most of the added value. It is a wave that views making a profit as a crime, that does not understand that there is no welfare without profit; a wave that is the exact opposite of our understanding that we need the enterprise, activity, creativity and genius of the businessmen and businesswomen to lead our country forward.

I say these things because I know that Stan is one of the people who helped develop this concept, who knows that without personal excellence and personal responsibility there can be no mutual responsibility. I think that the right balance and the right combination is something that you brought, Stan, during your eight years here, and I want to tell you to be careful, Israel has a reserve army service, so beware… Thank you very much Stan, from all my heart.
