Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechcyber090613

Translation

I welcome you all, but first and foremost the Head of the National Cyber Bureau, Dr. Eviatar Matania. When he assumed this position, I congratulated him and commiserated with him. Anyone who holds a public appointment or a position in the defense industry knows that it is a heavy burden. You, Dr. Matania, fulfill your role extraordinarily. I thank you on behalf of the Government of Israel and the people of Israel – if only they knew, they would thank you too. I thank you on their behalf.I also thank the President of Tel Aviv University, Prof. Klafter, Giora Yaron naturally, and the distinguished guests from Israel and from around the globe.

I arrived late so I will leave early, which forces me to focus on the main points.As we are short of time, I will focus on three main points. First: cyber is an international problem so it can only have an international solution. A national solution will not get the job done. This is similar to the fight against terror – countries act against terror, but in the end they will have to cooperate to acieve better results. This is also true for cyber.Second, Israel is a global power in cyber.

I will not elaborate on this, but a while ago I said… Before we established the Cyber Bureau, I said that we would be among the five leading powers – and we are. I do not want to rank the five now, but we are certainly among the first five, and we are not at the bottom of that list either. We are there because we have abundant innovation, technological capabilities, entrepreneurship, synergy and cooperation, and all these give us unique position in the field. You can get an idea of this by identifying the various companies and the emerging abilities, at this conference and elsewhere.

The third thing relates to the second, and that is that we want to export these capabilities. It would appear to be a contradiction, that’s true. But we want cooperation, and we build on our local strengths as a basis for this cooperation. But it is clear that the more you work in the field the more limitations there are: limitations related to information security and proprietary knowledge.

That is why I appointed Eviatar to find other avenues and present a proposal for increasing export within one month. We are aware of the limitations which I mentioned, but we still want to increase export of Israeli cyber services and products. These are the three central points that I wanted to make here today and I hope that your deliberations will enhance our cooperation abilities, and Israel‘s capacity for export.

It is clear that this conference is taking place because of an ever-growing challenge. There was a time when we would hear about cyber attacks in talks about science fiction. That was only a few years ago. Today, cyber is part of the current battle field, not the future battle field; it is no longer the war of the future. It is here and now and it is a complicated area.

Professor Ben-Israel, who was one of the people who drew my attention to the importance of this field, told me that he wanted to talk to me about it. I said: “Gladly, any time.” I mentioned that it is a very complex field. Why is it so complex? Because there is no pattern to it, there is no hierarchy. The attacks can come from anywhere, brought about by countries, organizations or individuals. You don’t even know that you’ve been attacked, and by the time you find out – the question is what do you do? Who do you do it to? How do you do it?

That it is why we have to delve deep into cyber, and also in other areas, but first we are deep in the cyber era. Over the last two months we have seen a large increase in the scope of Iranian cyber attacks on Israel. These attacks are perpetrated directly by Iran and also by its proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas.

The targets for attack are, but not limited to, our vital national systems. Beyond electricity, water, trains and banks, any area of economic and civilian life – not to mention defense – is a potential and actual target for a cyber attack. This will continue to grow as we continue to grow in the digital era. We have succeeded in thwarting most of these attacks. We aim to establish what I call a digital iron dome to face these attacks, which will only increase in quality and quantity. This obliges us to always be one step ahead of our adversaries in this never ending contest. That is why the previous government established the National Cyber Bureau. But we must understand that what I ask of Eviatar is to create a dynamic, changing framework.

Everything that we do, and everything that our friends do, our allies, is somewhat like casting in the dark and making decisions in a reality that is changing at the speed of light. So the most important thing that we need is that in this field, we have the ability to change much faster than is usual in other defense areas.

I think that what I said at the beginning of my statement, that Israel is one of the few advanced countries in the cyber field, is something that you all know, and not only you, by the way. I have discussions with almost every leader who comes here. They all talk to me about this, and try to cooperate with us on it. I must say that during President Obama’s historic visit here, we spent quite some time discussing this and thinking how we can solve these problems in international frameworks and through cooperation.

There are two signs that we are doing OK. One is that despite the endless attacks against us, you only hear about a small number of them. This is because we succeed in thwarting most of them. The second sign is this conference, your convening here. The fact that people from Israel and from all over the world came here to learn from Israel’s experience and to cooperate with Israelis – public authorities as well as private enterprises – is the best testimony that Israel is in a good position in the field. But I think that good is never good enough. We must constantly think what else we can do, what else we can build, who else we can cooperate with and what else can be done to create international frameworks that could provide the response in this complex and difficult area.

I think that cyber defense is a huge challenge. I am not certain that everybody quite understands its scope and its consequences, but I am sure that you do understand it, otherwise you wouldn’t be here. I want to wish you all success in your speeches, and to see you and many others here next year.

Good luck and thank you.
