Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokebenig120913

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accepted the recommendation of Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon and decided to extend IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz's term by one year. The decision will be submitted to the Cabinet at its next weekly meeting.

Prime Minister Netanyahu met with Chief-of-Staff Gantz last night and informed him of his decision. The Prime Minister said: "Over the past three years, Chief-of-Staff Gantz has led the IDF, with impressive success, in the face of some of the most complex security challenges that the State of Israel has faced. Benny Gantz has led the IDF with values, professionalism and achievements. I, the Defense Minister, the Chief-of-Staff and the heads of the security establishment work together day and night for the security of Israel's citizens and for building up the strength – and assuring the future of – the State of Israel."

Defense Minister Yaalon said: "Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz has led the IDF over the past two-and-a-half years and has led it to successes, most of which I cannot detail, but which have allowed Israel's citizens to continue with their daily routines and the State of Israel to continue to flourish and prosper. During a period in which the Middle East has undergone storms of unprecedented magnitude, and as we face severe and unprecedented challenges from new and far, I believe that Chief-of-Staff Gantz is the right man in the right place at the right time. Therefore, I recommended to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that he extend the Chief-of-Staff's term by an additional year. Chief-of-Staff Gantz brings with him professionalism, determination, responsibility and a pleasant manner. I am certain that also in his fourth year in office, he will continue to lead the IDF as a strong, advanced, powerful and deterring military that allows us as decision-makers to lead the State of Israel with responsibility and sagacity toward security and success in all areas of life."
