Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/pokesnow141213

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held ongoing consultations to assess the situation, with the participation of Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch, Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, National Infrastructures, Energy and Water Resources Minister Silvan Shalom, Transportation and Road Safety Minister Yisrael Katz, Social Welfare and Social Services Minister Meir Cohen, Health Minister Yael German, Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat, Safed Mayor Ilan Shohat, Israel Police Commissioner Insp.-Gen. Yohanan Danino, GOC Home Front Command Maj.-Gen. Eyal Eisenberg, Israel Electric Corp. Chairman Yiftach Ron-Tal and others.

Prime Minister Netanyahu defined three principal missions:

1. Saving lives is the focus of all operations. All those who need help must be taken care of and evacuated with preference given to the elderly. The Prime Minister stressed that the main danger is in regard to victims of the cold. He noted that many have perished in this way in storms abroad. Therefore, he ordered that additional security vehicles and jeeps go to Jerusalem and said, "It is better that there be too many vehicles than too few."

2. Routes must be opened to all locales that are still without electricity. The Prime Minister also ordered the evacuation of vehicles from the access routes to Jerusalem and the opening of roads inside the capital in order to facilitate the restoration of normal traffic by tomorrow, while giving preference to residents of the city who wish to return to it. Public transportation to and from the city will also be reinforced.

3. Israel must be prepared for the flooding that is anticipated as a result of the abundant precipitation.

Prime Minister Netanyahu noted the coordination and cooperation between all elements and sought to convey his great appreciation for the many people involved in dealing with the stormy weather.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said, "While the peak of the storm may be behind us, I call on the public to continue listening to instructions from the security and rescue services. These instructions have saved many lives in recent says. On behalf of all Israelis, I would like to express great appreciation to the thousands who are continuing to work around the clock in this weather."
