Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokedes180914

The Cabinet will, on Sunday, discuss Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's approximately NIS 2 billion proposal for the long-term socio-economic development of the south. The comprehensive 2015-2020 plan, which has been formulated by a team led by Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker, will benefit all residents of the Negev. It will deepen the civilian response ahead of the IDF move to the south and the move of additional residents to the area by upgrading socio-economic growth engines in the fields of energy, industry, employment, the economy, health, agriculture, transportation, housing, social welfare, education, environmental protection and tourism. The plan, along with a detailed plan for the development of Sderot and the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip (see separate press release), will be submitted for Cabinet approval on Sunday, ahead of Rosh Hashanah.

Prime Minister Netanyahu, yesterday, told mayors and local authority heads, "On Sunday we will submit the culmination of the decision to assist the residents of the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip and the communities of the south. These are great sums, unprecedented in the history of the country. What these communities will receive, what they deserve, is the strongest evidence. Did they think they would kick us out of here? Not only will they not kick us out of here – we will build up and strengthen all parts of our state."

The Finance, Agriculture and rural Development, Social Affairs and Social Services, Construction and Housing, Economy, Health, Education, Defense, Interior, Transportation and Road Safety, Tourism, Public Security, Negev and Galilee Development, and National Infrastructures, Water and Energy ministers are party to the decision.

The reduction of gaps and strengthening the periphery in general, and in the south in particular, are a main objective of Government policy and have found expression in a series of decisions designed to increase the socio-economic growth and development of the south. This plan will lead to further socio-economic growth in the south with emphasis on the socio-economic effects of Operation Protective Edge. The Government will coordinate the advancement of a national effort to move IDF bases to the Negev and is mindful of the decisive influence it will have on the development and growth of the south to benefit all of its residents.
