Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/interview_iran290614

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu within an hour, was interviewed in media outlets from each of the P5+1 major powers involved in the negotiations with Iran: US (CNN), Great Britain (Sky), Germany (ARD radio), China (CCTV), France (France 24) and Russia (Channel 1 Russia).

In his interviews, Prime Minister Netanyahu said that Iran is interested in obtaining a surrender agreement from the West and added that it cannot be allowed to receive such an agreement. The Prime Minister emphasized that the agreement with Iran needs to be similar to that which was reached with Syria – an agreement which includes the dismantling of capabilities and their removal, in contrast to the apparent agreement with Iran that includes leaving capabilities under supervision (supervision which has already been revealed to be ineffective). The Prime Minister added that the ayatollahs' regime must not be allowed to have a nuclear bomb.

Excerpt From PM's Interview with Sky News

PM Benjamin Netanyahu: "What Iran is seeking from Britain and the P5+1 is to keep the materials and the means to make nuclear weapons and inspect them. Keep and inspect as opposed to dismantle and remove. That's a bad deal.

And I think what it would mean is Iran at any time could kick the inspectors aside or deceive them – it's done that in the past – and go rush to make the enriched uranium that is necessary to make atomic bombs. And they can do that within weeks or months. That's bad for Britain, bad for Europe, bad for the United States, bad for Russia, bad for China, very bad for Israel, bad for the Arabs too – bad for the world. My position from the start has been they shouldn't have any capacity to enrich because they don't need it for civilian nuclear energy. They don't need a single centrifuge. It's been the Western position that they should have a few hundred. Now we hear that the P5+1 are talking now about 1,500. But that's the spinning centrifuges. They say, well, maybe they'll have also several thousand, many thousands of centrifuges not spinning but in formaldehyde, sort of, or locked under lock and key. Okay. One day, Iran decides to break the lock and key, breakout as they say, put all these thousands of centrifuges together and they'll have the wherewithal to make a nuclear bomb in a very short time. That's a deal that Iran wants. It's a deal of surrender. And the P5+1 should reject it out of hand. They should not enable Iran to make nuclear weapons".

Excerpt From PM's Interview with CNN

PM Benjamin Netanyahu: "I hope that the US and the P5+1, the other powers, world powers, do not accept Iran’s deal of surrender. They should resist it. That’s what Iran wants. It wants a deal of surrender, basically saying: okay, keep their capabilities. Park as a threshold nuclear state a few weeks or a few months away from becoming a military nuclear power, and we’ll inspect you. Well, it doesn’t work, neither with real inspectors or Inspector Clouseau or anyone else. It doesn’t work. It didn’t work in the case of North Korea. It did work, and is working in the case of Syria, because you’re not relying on inspectors. You’re relying on removal. You dismantle or you destroy and you remove what’s not destroyed. That’s the deal that should be done with Iran, for the sake of peace and for the sake of the future of the Middle East and the world".
