Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speecheth280514



Jerusalem Reunification Day, which we are celebrating today, illustrates the realization of the dream of generations to see the comfort of Zion and 0undivided Jerusalem. Behind us here is Herzl's grave. Herzl dreamed of the ingathering of the exiles, of the return to the land of Israel, of the building of the country. One hundred and ten years ago, he spoke not just of a Jewish state, but also of a Jewish army.

Do you know the most moving thing I experience? It is when I welcome the commanders and soldiers of special units. Soldiers and commanders of Ethiopian descent study there and we entrust them with the fate of the country, with the most dangerous and complex missions. Those same young men stand before me and I feel such profound pride – here is the realization of the vision of generations of Jews, here is the realization of Herzl's vision. What a tremendous change in our people's condition. "And I will gather you in from all the nations and from all the places where I have dispersed you – the word of God – and I will return you to the place from which I exiled you" [Jeremiah 29:14]. Indeed.

The wondrous story of the Beta Israel community illustrates the realization of this prophetic vision of our forefathers. A Jewish tribe held on to its identity and the heritage of its forefathers in the heart of Africa, against all the hardships accurately described by the President of Israel, under difficult and complex conditions, for more than 2,000 years and never ceased to pray, "Next year in Yerusalem".

Here we are, this year in Yerusalem, and you know better than anyone that Jerusalem was always part of the consciousness of Ethiopian Jewry. It was the goal, the symbol, the target. It was also the compensation for the suffering on the way, during the exhausting journey from Ethiopia to Sudan and from Sudan to Israel three or four decades ago. How much suffering, how much distress, how much pain, how much tragedy was involved in this journey. Every story I am familiar with, every story I have heard – and every year at this ceremony I hear new stories – these stories are heartbreaking – about families torn apart, about children who perished along with their parents or in front of their parents. But as tragic as these stories are, they are also astonishing and inspire amazement and respect for you, our brothers and sisters, members of the Ethiopian community.

I heard about women who were in their ninth month of pregnancy who gave birth on the way and they wove baskets from leaves that they picked, like Moses's basket. They made a basket and put their baby in it and the baby was shaken the entire way until they arrived safely in the land of Israel. I also heard about the prisoners of conscience jailed in Ethiopia for helping others, people like Yitzhak Malko. Yitzhak suffered prolonged torture during which he lost one of his eyes, but he said, "Never mind, one eye for Jerusalem". One eye for Jerusalem. Today he lives in Lod with his family and he is here with us today.

The dangers were terrible, and despite this, not one person gave up because the torments were dwarfed by the hope in their hearts. Everyone wanted to reach the land of Israel and Jerusalem, but unfortunately there were many – too many – who did not survive the journey. Young children whose strength failed them on the journey and who took their last breaths in their parents' embrace. Adults who led their families but grew weak and at a certain point, death struck. Old people dying of exhaustion and their bodies were covered by the desert sand. The more we learn about the testimonies, the more I hear your stories, I recognize and admire the heavy cost your sacrifice entailed.

We bow our heads today in memory of the victims, but we decided one other thing: in accordance with a resolution passed by the Government of Israel, the names of the fallen are gathered one by one and engraved on the memorial for the fallen as an eternal tombstone.

I clearly remember the late Menachem Begin's demand of the heads of the security branches at the end of the '70s. He said, "Bring me the Jews of Ethiopia". They brought them. They assisted and rescued – during Begin's tenure as well as Shamir's and Shimon Peres's and even during my tenure as Prime Minister. I am proud that we brought the Jews from the compound in Addis and we just passed a resolution to bring the remainder of the Jews from Ethiopia. This is the continuation of our Jewish and Zionist heritage. It fills us with equal measures of humility and pride when we contribute to this historic journey, to realizing and completing it, but you undertook the main part of this journey, the long path from Ethiopia to Jerusalem. I know that the desert generation, just like in the Torah, is the one that paid the heaviest price. It left slavery for freedom but it also knew tragedy and hardship. It was a journey like no other.

Even when you arrived in Israel, the difficulties continued – I know this too. Some of you are still dealing with the trials of absorption in Israel, while at the same time paving the way for the young people who were born here, the Sabras of Ethiopian descent. I have no doubt that time will play its part. As the years pass, the difficulties will be reduced and the unacceptable and offensive behaviors of racism and discrimination will disappear. We will fight them together and end them. There will not be a trace left.

It is important for me that you know that we are attentive to your concerns, your suffering and your aspirations. We have initiated many steps to advance as much as possible the Ethiopian Jews in all areas of life: in welfare, housing, education, rehabilitating neighborhoods, ensuring equal opportunities, looking after the kesim and their status, integrating children from the community in the regular education system – everyone should learn with everyone, all the children of Israel together. There is no position in Israel you are not capable of filling, and you are already doing so with great success – in the IDF, in universities, in the Knesset, in the Civil Service, in the diplomatic corps, everywhere.

The most moving thing is what I mentioned at the outset of my remarks. How did a young Ethiopian soldier put it? "The first time a member of my unit put his hand on my shoulder and called me brother, I felt complete belonging in the State of Israel". So I wish to say to you all, you are our brothers and sisters: our brothers and sisters, flesh of our flesh, part of our nation. You are welcome in your return to Zion, in the ingathering of the exiles, in building our country and in safeguarding Israel for eternity. Be blessed and may the memories of those who did not arrive here be forever etched in the hearts of our people.