Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventrivlin100814

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening at the President's Residence, met with President Reuven Rivlin.

President Rivlin:

"Mr. Prime Minister, I would like to express my unreserved support for your leadership, for Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, and for IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz, for conducting this campaign in a balanced and measured manner. I would like to take this opportunity to express my full support for the IDF and for its professional capabilities in taking into account the security of Israel and the needs of the State of Israel. I see splendid unity amidst the storm around us and I ask all those who extol our unity, why we cannot be united always?"

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Mister President, I would like to thank you for your support and for your warm remarks, both for the way this operation has been led and for the IDF soldiers, as well as for visiting the bereaved families. I have also spoken with them and one's heart breaks over their pain, which is our pain. We said at the start of the operation that Israel would not negotiate under fire and we have proven that we stand behind these words. Since Hamas violated the ceasefire on Friday, the IDF has struck it very hard. We are determined to achieve the goal of Operation Protective Edge – the restoration of quiet for the residents of Israel for a lengthy period while striking significantly at the terrorist organizations. I said at the beginning of the operation: We will achieve this either militarily or diplomatically, or by a combination of both.

Mr. President, with your permission, I would like to commend the citizens of Israel. It simply warms the heart to see your sense of being together and your solidarity, both with the residents of the south and the soldiers of the IDF. I have spoken with soldiers and commanders and I have felt how the unity of the nation strengthens them as they go out to fight to defend us all. This is the beautiful Land of Israel; I think that there is none more beautiful. Many soldiers and commanders have told me, 'Would that this unity could continue even after the fighting.' But as we are still fighting and the operation is not over, I hope that this unity continues even after the fighting and I am certain Mr. President that you, who are responsible for the unity of the nation, agree wholeheartedly. Together with you, I would like to send our wishes for a quick and complete recovery to all of the wounded. And to the bereaved families of our heroic soldiers, I would like to say the words that we read just yesterday in the haftarah , from the prophet Isaiah (40:1; ), 'Comfort you, comfort you, My people."
