Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechhuman050214

--Translation--

Former Director General of the Ministry of Justice, Guy Rotkopf, thank you for your dedicated work in the Ministry of Justice on behalf of the State of Israel, and congratulations also to Emmy Palmor. You know that I usually welcome people entering public service with my congratulations and my condolences. Today I emphasize my congratulations. I also welcome the head of the Authority for the Advancement of the Status of Women, Vered Sweid. This institution occupies a warm corner of my heart because it was established at the end of my first term as Prime Minister, or rather during it. I welcome the representatives of the diplomatic core and the many volunteers, and of course the award winners. Warm greetings to you all.Today I would like to speak briefly about evil and about good. Evil is evil for its own sake. The very idea of "human trafficking" is shocking, truly horrifying. The idea that a man or woman or child, and sometimes even babies, can be taken and used as an object, be physically abused, have their organs ripped from them or be sexually abused or forced into slavery – this is an idea we thought had disappeared from the world. It used to be quite common, even routine in the ancient world. It continued through the Middle Ages and should have disappeared in the modern era, but we know it did not. It even came back and took root in various places – and I must say, especially in areas around us. This is evil. It is evil that is often heartbreaking.I recently saw a report about young women, girls actually, Syrian refugees, who are taken as slaves and abused and afterwards they are discarded. When you hear their stories, you understand that their lives have been destroyed and they will not be rebuilt. This frequently occurs in many places around the world, and probably here as well. This is evil; it is wickedness.On the other side, there is good. This good began with a different outlook, the Jewish outlook in the ancient world that all people were created in God's image and very soon the Jews decided – and this includes Eve as well, not just Adam – and rights were granted in places where no one had rights, and this developed and of course reached the enlightened nations and is expressed in a great many important documents like the American Declaration of Independence and later on the UN Charter, and of course it was naturally part of the beliefs of the founders of the Zionist movement and of the State of Israel, without exception.I am looking for a quote that will demonstrate this, and here it is. I am quoting one of the founders of Zionism whose work I happen to be very familiar with, but it is true of all the founders from all streams. Zeev Jabotinsky wrote in 1929 something that Chaim Weizmann, Theodore Herzl, David Ben-Gurion and everyone else also believed. He wrote: "The treatment of the woman is the line that separates culture from the savages. There can be no progress in a public that allows the forces of darkness in it to humiliate the woman, which is a fairly good test".The State of Israel was founded on this basis. This does not mean that good cannot be flawed and it does not mean that good cannot be better, and as our President pointed out, a concentrated effort has been made here over the past several years to eradicate the evil located among the good in the State of Israel, one of the most advanced and enlightened countries in the world. There are a great many good partners to this effort among us, and some of them are sitting here today, governmental and volunteer as one, and other bodies as well.Among several steps taken, we added the important step of closing our border in the south, which prevented the continued flow, the powerful movement, the processions which included slaves and trafficking in women and trafficking in organs. All this movement was stopped. For the past six months, there have been zero infiltrations, zero. These phenomena had arrived in our cities and now that movement has stopped. But alongside that, the human trafficking that was part of this illegal migration into the State of Israel has also stopped.There is still work to be done. There are still things we can do. However, there is recognition of our efforts over the past several years in the State Department report that mentions Israel as among the most advanced countries in this sphere. I think this year's honorees deserve congratulations for their part in this important effort. I would like to say that we are a light unto the nations, but it is really only to those parties in the international community who want to see the light, because there is also a great deal of hypocrisy.Israel, which fights for human rights, which does everything it can to preserve its humanity in the fight directed against us with such endless cruelty – this Israel is described as a war criminal and as a serial violator of human rights while around us the most horrible things occur, and this hypocrisy hurts the effort to eradicate evil and advance good.We will not be deterred. We will continue our activities to be a light unto the nations if only they want to see that light. Congratulations to you and thank you for your continued efforts. I know you will continue. Thank you.
