Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventnefet091214



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu toured the site of the breach in the Eilat-Ashkelon pipeline. Accompanying the Prime Minister were Deputy Minister Ofir Akunis, who has been given the responsibility for the Environmental Protection Ministry, Environmental Protection Ministry Acting Director General Elad Amichai, Israel Nature and Parks Authority Director General Shaul Goldstein, Eilat-Ashkelon Pipeline Co., Ltd. Deputy Director General for Operations Itzik Levy, Hevel Eilot Regional Council Chairman Udi Gat and Environmental Protection Ministry Southern District Director Guy Samet.

En route to the site, Prime Minister Netanyahu viewed – from his helicopter – the work being done to prevent the leak from spreading.

At Be'er Ora junction (adjacent to the site of the breach), on the edge of the Evrona Nature Reserve, Environmental Protection Ministry Acting Director General Amichai and Environmental Protection Ministry Southern District Director Samet briefed Prime Minister Netanyahu and informed him that there was no danger to the health of local residents and that the defenses that have been built near the site of the breach along the route of the anticipated flow, including dams and absorbent measures, have prevented the contamination from spreading beyond the nature reserve.

The Environmental Protection Ministry senior officials added that major efforts were being made – in conjunction with the Nature and Parks Authority, the Fire and Rescue Service, the Israel Police and Eilat and Aravah Drainage Authority – to repair the existing damage and remove contaminated soil.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said, "Our missions are to protect the health of the public, work to reduce the risk that the contamination will reach Eilat, and rehabilitate the nature reserve. In recent days we have been dealing with various matters but as soon as we knew about the oil leak, I have been monitoring events. I appointed Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker to coordinate all action on the issue, along with the relevant agencies, and I came here at the first opportunity. I appointed Deputy Minister Ofir Akunis to be responsible for the Environmental Protection Ministry. We just had a focused briefing on the actions being taken first of all to reassure the public and protect public health and, of course, protect the environment. A series of actions are being taken here and will apparently continue for some time. We will allocate the necessary resources to protect the environment, this precious jewel in our country."

Deputy Minister Akunis said, "I intend to come here and be here until we know for complete certainty that two main things have been blocked: First of all, the health danger to local residents and those who live further south, and, of course, everything related to environmental matters. Mr. Prime Minister, a short time ago I contacted the Environmental Protection Ministry Director General who is representing Israel at an international conference in Peru and directed him to return home forthwith so that he might be closely involved with the ministry personnel who have been making great efforts in recent days to save both the environment and residents of the area. He is making his way home and will be here very soon. I intend to be here until we know for sure that all the dangers have passed and we will sit very soon and consider a series of recommendations that will be submitted to the Cabinet so that such events do not recur – this is very important; they must not recur – and in order to do whatever is necessary in the wake of this leak."