Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmasa021114

Thank you. Thank you all.Thank you Natan Sharansky. You speak, Natan, of great leaders. You, Natan Sharansky, are a great leader of the Jewish people.Natan, I want you to take this right: Natan Sharansky stands tall for the Jewish people.When he spoke in his trial in the Soviet Union, he made one of the most moving speeches of modern times. And after he threw out the charges against him, he said one sentence. He said as he was going to be taken to a Russian prison, he said: “Next year in Jerusalem.”Well, here we are, this year in Jerusalem, with all of you of Masa.And you’ve come here from so many countries, from Russia, from the Ukraine, from the United States of America, from France, from Great Britain, from Canada, Brazil, South Africa, Venezuela, many, many countries.And I want to tell you that no matter how many countries you came from, you came from one country. This is your one country.See, it all started here. We’re all children of Abraham, and Abraham started here almost 4,000 years ago, and the Jewish people lived here for almost 2,000 years and then were gradually dispersed. And then something amazing happened. It never happened in the history of nations that a dispossessed people, that a people that had lost its land, had come back to it. Most of history has dispersed people who lost their land or emigrated elsewhere, and what happened to them is they disappeared. There’s only one example of a people who after thousands of years came back. We came back to our homeland; we came back to the Land of Israel and we built the State of Israel.Now, this is a special day today. It’s the 2nd of November. And in 1917, November 2nd, Great Britain issued the Balfour Declaration. That’s almost 100 years ago. It said that it looked favorably on the idea of a Jewish national home. That was a way of saying a Jewish state without saying it.Now do you know the number of Jews who lived in this land in 1917? About 60,000. And today we have over 6,000,000 Jews, that’s 100 times the population we had in the Balfour Declaration.We have a thriving state. Very soon we’ll pass another benchmark in our history, because for the first time in 2,000 years, the majority of the Jewish people will be living in the Jewish state, in the Jewish land.So this is a momentous time. You come here, and you’ve contributed a year of your life. You’ve contributed a year of your life to this immense enterprise, and I’ve been following what you’ve done.You volunteered over – this is unbelievable – over a million volunteer days this year, a million volunteer days for Israel, and you deserve to have your applause. You certainly have mine. Tremendous. And I know, I followed what you’re doing. The tech fellows, the English teachers, what about Spanish teachers? Do we have them? We should. And the things you’re doing in medical research and the other volunteer efforts that you make. You are becoming part of this great story.Israel is an amazing story. I think it’s an amazing story for mankind, but I think especially it’s an amazing story for young Jews. I think you’ve gotten to know the real Israel. You’ve gotten to know the truth behind the headlines. You’ve gotten to know the facts that we are a democracy; that we are a people that want peace; that we are a people that create the future. We embrace our past as we embrace the future. And that future includes you. I want to thank you for coming here, for making Israel stronger, making yourselves stronger. But I also want you to go back and remember that I have one request for you. Two. The first request is that you stand up for Israel; that you defend the truth. Don’t be afraid to do that. You know, when I came, not much older than you, when I came as a young man to be Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations, you know, that place is not always kind to Israel. And it’s not always kind to the truth. And I met a great rabbi, the Lubavitcher Rebbe. I went to see him. And he said to me, you know, remember when you go into the UN, remember that even in the darkest hall, if you light one candle, people will see the light of that candle wide and far.So I want you to go back to your respective countries – this is your country, but go back to these various lands, and I want you each to light a candle of truth. I want you to stand up for Israel and stand up for the truth. Because you have been part of that truth.I want you to tell it to your friends, tell it to your families, tell it to everyone, and stand proud. Stand up proud. Be proud of your Jewish heritage. Be proud of the Jewish state, and speak the truth.The second thing I want you to do is, after you’ve been there for a while, and you contemplate your future, guess what? I want you to come back, and I want you to make aliya. I want you to come here permanently. You’ve been part of this voyage, this journey. We’d like to see you here; I’d like to see you here. I like you, and I want to see you with us, here in Jerusalem, here in Israel. Thank you all, Thank you Masa.
