Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventyamam090114

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch, Israel Police Commissioner Insp.-Gen. Yohanan Danino and Border Police Commander Amos Yaakov today visited the headquarters of the Israel Police Counter-terrorism Unit, observed the abilities of the Unit's personnel and spoke with them.

The Counter-Terrorism Unit is an elite section of the Israel Police and Border Police in the fight against terrorism and rescuing hostages. It was founded following the 1974 Maalot massacre and has since been involved in many actions that have decisively contributed to the security of the State of Israel. It is currently considered one of the best units of its kind in the world.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said during the visit: "We have witnessed a significant decline in the number of those wounded in the south. In 2012, there were almost 1,000 attempted attacks. In 2013 there were 60. This is the lowest number in over a decade on the Gaza front. The number of those wounded in Judea and Samaria is also the lowest it has been in a decade; this is despite the fact that the number of attempted attacks there has grown. In both cases, the decline in the number of those wounded is a result of the welcome activity of the IDF and the security forces including our elite units such as the Counter-Terrorism Unit which I am visiting today. I am proud of them. The people of Israel need to see what they are doing, how they save lives on a daily basis. We will continue to support them so that they may continue guarding our security."

Public Security Minister Aharonovitch said: "The Counter-Terrorism Unit is an impressive unit and has the best fighters in the world. I have been familiar with the unit and its actions for many years. The unit has greatly contributed to the security of the State of Israel and its citizens. I thank the Prime Minister for coming to observe the unit's abilities first-hand and get to know its fighters. The State of Israel needs a strong, efficient and high quality Counter-Terrorism Unit."

Israel Police Commissioner Insp.-Gen. Danino said: "The Counter-Terrorism Unit is considered to be one of the most professional and best units of its kind in Israel and in the world. It is a strong, qualitative unit that is dedicated to its national and social mission and is at the forefront of the deterrent and operational ability of the Israel Police in particular and of the State of Israel in general. Today it is more vital than ever as an anchor of stability and personal security for the country and its citizens."

Israel Police Commissioner Insp.-Gen. Danino gave Prime Minister Netanyahu a book about the Israel Police with the dedication: "On behalf of the Israel Police and I, thank you for your uncompromising support. This has greatly contributed to success in meeting our goals especially in strengthening personal security for Israel's citizens."

In recent months, the Counter-Terrorism Unit has been involved in the arrest of those who planned and perpetrated the attack on a bus in Bat Yam, rescuing a girl who was held hostage in her apartment in Ashkelon by a family member and neutralizing a Salafist terrorist cell in Yatta, in the southern Hebron hills, which had planned to perpetrate an attack and was neutralized following an exchange of fire.
