Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventrashei280814

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this afternoon, in Be'er Sheva, met with mayors and council heads from the south and told them:

"Together we will strengthen the residents of the south. I would like to send my condolences to the families. The blood of civilians has been spilled here alongside that of soldiers, and civilians have been wounded alongside the soldiers who have been wounded, and we send wishes for a quick recovery, and condolences to the families, on my behalf, that of the Government of Israel and that of all Israelis.

The effort that the people of my office are making is designed to solve the problems and create possibilities. My commitment to the south is very deep. You know and see this and it is very deep for the security of Israeli citizens wherever they are. You share in this great effort, I want to thank you, including for the cooperation between us. The region in which we live is stormy and we are here in a single boat with many others from the region and the world.

We were in a complex 50-day struggle against one of the terrorist organizations – Hamas – that is supported by a major power – Iran – and by a major financial power – Qatar.

Hamas was hit very hard and there is here a military achievement of the highest order, as well as a diplomatic achievement because they dropped all of their demands. They acceded to the same Egyptian ceasefire proposal that we were ready to accept directly at the outset without time constraints and without any of the conditions that they set. They got to this point the hard way. They kept testing us and every time we struck them but the last time, given this accumulation of blows, they were persuaded.

Last week they violated a ceasefire again and they thought that they could wear us down and I told them that instead of wearing us down they would be hit very hard and even their terrorist buildings were toppled and their senior commanders were hit.

We stood together throughout the campaign and I very much appreciate your stand and your support and now let us stand together on the things that we need to do for the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip and the other communities in the south. On Sunday, we will submit a major aid package for the residents of the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip and – later on – a general assistance package for the entire south.

I would like to thank the citizens of Israel and I would also like to thank the security forces, IDF soldiers, ISA personnel, police, firemen, MDA personnel and all the volunteers; this spirit will bring us to better places and there are challenges that yet await us."

Be'er Sheva Mayor Rubik Danilovitz said, "The job of all of us is to give the government and the IDF the time needed to make the right decision, the military decision, the diplomatic decision. Our job is to prepare the public for any scenario. This is how we acted."
