Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokesif191114

PM Netanyahu Speaks with Sheikh Nuhad Seif, the Father of Israel Police Master Sergeant Zidan Seif, who was Murdered in the Massacre in Jerusalem's Har Nof Neighborhood and Sends a Letter of Condolence to his Widow

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening (Wednesday, 19 November 2014), spoke with Sheikh Nuhad Seif, the father of Israel Police Master Sergeant Zidan Seif who was murdered in yesterday's massacre in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, and told him, "Your son's brave action prevented many casualties. On behalf of the citizens of Israel, I would like to express condolences over his falling in the line of duty." In a condolence letter to Zidan Seif's widow Rinal, Prime Minister Netanyahu wrote: "“I was deeply shocked to hear that Master Sergeant Zeidan Seif was murdered by evil terrorists. The people of Israel are saddened by his untimely demise. Zidan gave his life to save innocent civilians he did not even know. By his action he showed bravery, resourcefulness and above all humanity and a love of life. Zidan chanced upon the place. As an Israel Police officer he understood that it was his duty to assist those who needed his help. Without hesitation or fear, he charged at the terrorists, thereby saving innocent bystanders with his body. Dear Seif family, I am certain that Zidan learned the values of sacrifice and giving in your home. At this time you must hold your heads up proudly and know that your son's death was not in vain. Thanks to him many citizens are able to continue living their lives. Thanks to him Israeli society is a better and more just society. Thanks to him we will continue to defend the state and its inhabitants secure in the knowledge that our cause is just. Dear Rinal, I support you in this difficult hour. You and Zidan established a splendid Israeli family. Your daughter was born only three months ago. You planned to expand your family, go forward, develop and always contribute to society and the state. Zidan’s death is a great loss to all of us. We are commanded to cherish his memory and teach his legacy to future generations. Accept my sincerest condolences. May you know sorrow no more. Yours in mourning, Benjamin Netanyahu."
