Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventcon160614

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held a security consultation at IDF Central Command HQ in Jerusalem and issued the following statement:

"Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz and GOC Central Command Maj.-Gen. Nitzan Alon,

We are here in the midst of a complex operation . We need to be prepared for the possibility that it may take time. This is a serious event and there will be serious consequences. We are working together in a considered, responsible and very determined manner.

We are currently focused on one mission – bringing the boys, our boys who were abducted, home. We are also operating against Hamas. We have arrested over 100 Hamas activists . We are also carrying out additional actions but I will not say any more.

In recent days we have also seen an attempt to open an additional front in the Gaza Strip . We have taken strong action in response to this firing. If need be, we will take even stronger action. I promise that those who try to attack Israeli citizens will be hit.

The IDF, ISA personnel and the police are doing very good work in the field and for this they have my gratitude and that of all Israelis. I would like to speak to the dear and splendid families of Gilad, Naftali and Eyal. I have spoken with people who have visited you and I have also been impressed by my conversations with you, by your strength in this time of trial. I and all Israelis support you at this time. We are making every effort to bring the boys home.

In conclusion, I would like to say something to the international community: I have just spoken with US Secretary of State John Kerry. I told him that I appreciate the important and cogent thing he said, both in condemnation of this reprehensible act and regarding Israel's right to defend itself. I have also heard from other elements who spoke out yesterday and this is important. But I expect all responsible elements in the international community – some of whom rush to condemn us for any construction in this place or for enclosing a balcony in Gilo – to strongly condemn this reprehensible and deplorable act of abducting three youths. Whoever opposes terrorism needs to condemn terrorism wherever it is perpetrated. I expect other countries to join in these condemnations and to support the State of Israel's legitimate and necessary acts of self-defense."
