Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart141214

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today :

"Today, the Cabinet will discuss the appointment of Maj.-Gen. Gadi Eizenkot as the next IDF Chief-of-Staff. Gadi Eizenkot is the right man in the right place at the right time. Gadi has been a soldier and a commander. He is a veteran commander and he can lead the IDF in the face of the major challenges that surround us. The challenges are unceasing; they are not taking even a moment's respite, and I am convinced that with determined, responsible and strong leadership and policy, along with Gadi's command of the IDF, we will be able to overcome any and all obstacles and challenges. I wish Gadi Eizenkot great success; his success in all areas is our success. Tomorrow I will leave for Rome to meet with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and US Secretary of State John Kerry. I will tell them that Israel, to a large degree, stands as a solitary island against the waves of Islamic extremism that are washing over the entire Middle East. Until now we have successfully withstood and repelled these attacks and now we also stand against the possibility of a diplomatic assault, i.e. an attempt to compel us – by means of UN decisions – to withdraw to the 1967 lines within two years. This will lead to Islamic extremists to the suburbs of Tel Aviv and to the heart of Jerusalem. We will not allow this. We will strongly and responsibly rebuff this. Let there be no doubt, this will be rejected. Today, the Cabinet will also discuss a five-year plan to aid Druze and Circassian communities. I recently met with Druze community leaders, led by Sheikh Muwafaq Tarif. I told him that we would be submitting this plan. This is a wide-ranging plan on infrastructures, employment, education and other issues and it will do two things: One, it will reduce gaps between this population and the population at large. Two, it will express appreciation for the unique role of Druze and Circassian policemen and soldiers, who are our very flesh, who fight and fall in defense of our people. I think that this is one of the ways to express this appreciation."
