Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechlaam160114

I'm happy to see you this year, as in previous years, and I was thinking, how come there are so many foreign journalists in Israel. Well, Israel is an interesting country, sometimes I think it’s too interesting. But I thought that there’s another reason. And the other reason is that from here you cover not only what is in Israel, but a lot of you go into forays in our region. And the reason I think your news organization choose Israel, is because it’s safe, it’s free, and it’s technologically advanced. Safe, I don’t have to tell you. I mean, happily no journalists were killed in Israel this year and in most years, and that’s not exactly an iron rule in our region. Free, this is a free country. You just heard it. You can say anything, you can sound off on anything and you can broadcast anything. This is a free country. It’s among the freest and the most robust in the world. None freer. And the third, it’s technologically advanced. I’m going to talk about that in Davos next week, and I can tell you what the title of my address is. It’s called: Israel, Innovation Nation. It is exactly that, it

‘s an innovative nation. It produces unbelievable developments in technology and ingenuity and it is opening up vistas for us far and wide from China to Mexico and everything in between, and I think it makes for an exciting and successful country. We just marked the 65th anniversary of our state. Our population has grown more than tenfold, our economy has grown more than 70 fold. 70 fold. And we want to keep going strong. And we keep going strong, we have to be strong, In this part of the world, security comes first. Security is the basis of our existence and the basis of the future, our future, and I may add it’s also the basis of peace. Now, when I look around I say to ensure Israel’s future and in fact to ensure everyone's future including yours I have to make sure that Israel is safe. And Israel’S safety and security depends on meeting three great challenges. The first challenge without question is the continuing effort of Iran to develop nuclear weapons. That remains the ultimate and the greatest challenge that we face. I’m not taken in by Iran’s smiles. The same people that offer the smiles, like its foreign minister, just laid a wreath on the grave of Imad Mughniyeh. At the time that they’re talking to the Americans’ the foreign minister of Iran is laying a wreath at the murderer who killed over 240 American marines, dozens of French soldiers, and the nationals of so many men. This man has so much blood on his hands,. And Iran, this Iran is seeking to develop nuclear weapons. This Iran that calls for our annihilation today as we speak and participates in the terror and tyranny in so many nations. This Iran must not be allowed to get nuclear weapons. That was and remains our policy and we will prevent it, we should prevent in any means possible, with possible diplomatic, but with every means possible, Iran’s capability to get nuclear weapons. The second and third challenge that we have are related to Iran’s proxies. Iran is not just a danger in itself, and would be an enormous danger if the terrorists that it sponsors would have a nuclear umbrella. Iran is already as you know sponsoring two main terror groups, which pose our second and third security challenges. Hezbollah and Hamas. And with Hezbollah, there is a continual Iranian attempt to pass weapons that we call game-changers from Syria to Lebanon. We have a policy to prevent that from happening. I need not add to that. That is a consistent policy which we pursue consistently. And the third is Hamas and of course the group that Iran has built to out-Hamas Hamas, Islamic Jihad in Gaza and as wee speak we are engaged there. Security requires constant maintenance, it means that we don’t accept what I call the drip irrigation of rockets without response. That is not the policy of this government. My government’s policy is to respond and prevent. So we don’t let the drizzle of rockets accumulate to a rain which then develops into a storm. We act. Sometimes as in Pillar of Fire which you saw a year earlier, and sometimes in other ways, as we’re doing now. We are determined to act to stop Iran’s proxies, The terror organizations from attacking Israel, both in responding to their attacks and also preventing their attacks. This is the basis of our security, but I also said that this is the basis of peace. And indeed it is, because any peace agreement that we sign, any peace that we fashion, that does not provide for our security will not last. A peace that will last is a peace that we can defend. And therefore, a main component of our discussions with Secretary Kerry, the United States, and with the Palestinians, main component that we’re dealing with is how to ensure that the peace leaves Israel secure. I will need to take a lot of hard decisions, but I will never compromise on Israel’s security. And the security issues are very dramatic and they’re important. They relate also not only to Israel, they also relate to Jordan whom I visited today. Had an excellent meeting with King Abdullah. We have excellent relations. Those relations are based on peace and security. And we all want to see that secure border, that quite border that we have between us continue to be quite and secure and tranquil. This is one of the primary requirements that we have. So security, a security agreement with the Palestinians would have to address the question of the perimeter, but it will also have to address the question of what happens inside the perimeter. Not only how do we prevent the smuggling of weapons that happened when we vacated territory as in Gaza, we vacated territory, we said everybody told us this will bring us security. But of course what happened is that the perimeter was perforated with tunnels and with smuggling and now what we have in Gaza is something else. Within Gaza itself, very dangerous weapons are produced locally. So we have to address that question too. Not only the perimeter, but also what is being , what would develop in Gaza or other the Palestinian areas inside the territory, not only in the perimeter. These are obviously very important questions. Because if we don’t address them properly, then the last thing, we won’t have either peace neither peace nor security. We’ll have something else, and what we certainly don’t want to have is another Hamastan right here, right next to Jerusalem. The last thing we want to have is another Afghanistan which is developing for example in Syria, and we don’t want to have another Hezbollahstan which we have in Lebanon. We want to have a genuine peace and a genuine peace means security, it means tranquility, it means the absence of terror attacks and it means something that affords a better future for us and our Palestinian neighbors. That is a big challenge, because as you can see, from more or less from Gibraltar, the straits of Gibraltar to the Khyber Pass, it’s very hard to come by a safe and secure area. In fact, the only absolutely safe or safe secure and prosperous and developed country in the region is Israel. And you have to ask yourself, why is there such an explosion an implosion in so many lands around us. And I think that raises two points that I’ll leave you with. Really three. That I think are important if we’re going to achieve peace. Because peace can only be built on facts. Peace can be built on hope, but that hope has to be grounded on facts. It cannot be built on illusions, and a peace that is not based on truth will crash against the realities of the Middle East. But for a very long time, there have been three myths that have captured peoples’ minds, and some of them have dissipated but there are still others that persist. The first myth that the turmoil in the Middle East that I just spoke about brings to light is that the core of the Middle East conflict is the Palestinian problem. Now, you notice first of all the construct of that sentence which was repeated ad nauseam, for decades, the core of the Middle East conflict, always in the singular, is THE Palestinian problem. Nobody can say that seriously today when you look at what’s happening in Libya or Syria or in Lebanon or in Iraq or in Yemen. You can choose some other places. All that’S happening there has got nothing to do with the Israeli-Palestinian problem or with our conflict. It’s got something to do with the endemic instability in the absence of a cultural foundation that is necessary for peace, and I hope that one develops. I’d like to see all these countries have a better life, and all their peoples have a better future. But it is a fact that the turmoil that is gripping the Middle East has got nothing to do with the Palestinian problem. And yet people believe this. Repeated this. Until recently as though this was, shall we say a truth that descended from Heaven. Well now we know that’s not the truth. Well there are two other myths that persist. That are as divorce from reality as this one. The second myth is that when you get to the Palestinian Israeli conflict, the settlements are the core of the conflict. Of this conflict. It’s not true. This conflict was waged for 50 years before there was a single Israel soldier in Judea Samaria, before there were settlements. It raged from 1920 to 1967, almost half a century. What was that all about? We weren’t in Judea Samaria, we weren’t in Gaza yet these were used as launching grounds for attacks against us, and then when we vacated Gaza, the rockets keep pouring in, kept pouring in. After we tore up all the settlements, displaced people, did terrible suffering to our people. And yet the rockets continue to come in. So there’s something much deeper here. And that persists, that gets me to the third myth. If the conflict is not about the settlements, then the conflict is about the absence of a Palestinian state. But in fact, in 1948, in 1947 in the partition resolution, we were willing to accept a Palestinian state, and successive governments have been willing to accept a Palestinian state. And yet the Palestinians refuse, not because they can’t get a Palestinian state. But because the real issue is not the settlements, it’s not the Palestinian state. The real issue was and always has been the Jewish state. The persistent refusal to accept a nation state for the Jewish people by our adversaries who we want to turn to be our peace partners. And for that to happen, they have to accept the fact that the Jewish people have a state here. In whatever boundaries. And so far they refuse to do it. I hope that changes. And when I say Jewish state, I want to make clear that I’m talking about a nation state for the Jewish people, where non-Jews, Arabs, Muslims, Christians have equal civil rights. In fact, in Israel, It’s the only place in a very very broad area in which such equal rights are given to everyone regardless of their nationality, regardless of their race or origin. But it’s about the Jewish state. And this is why our talks on peace center on these two things. One – mutual agreement, recognition of two states, two nation states for two people, and second, the security arrangements that we must have to anchor the peace, to make sure that it persists over time. I hope that we’re successful. It’s definitely not an easy negotiation but one that I’m committed to. I think it’s one of the great challenges that we have. But I’m committed to achieving this peace and I’m committed to keeping Israel safe and free and innovative. And I hope that when we meet next year, I’ll have some good news for you.Thank you.Any questions?

BBC: You say that you’re committed to that peace process and you’ve made some sacrifices. You released Palestinian prisoners. But when you do that, you then follow them up with announcements on settlements. Why do that? Why not just wait nine months for the new settlement announcement? And then could I also ask how do you respond to the ceaseless international condemnation that you face, and your diplomats face, when those announcements are made?PM: Well, first of all, we have, we’re keeping in line exactly our understandings that we undertook in the beginning of the talks. It’s important to understand that. It was very clear that Israel is doing something very very difficult. It’s definitely the most difficult decision I’ve made as prime minister to release these terrorists, but it was also equally clear that Israel undertook no restraints on co9nstruction and it was understood. So when people are telling me that these negotiations are hampered by this, they forget that this was part of the deal. Unspoken, unwritten, informal. Everybody will say that they oppose it, but it was very clear. If I can speak as we say doogry. Have you been in Israel long enough to know what doogry is? If I can speak straight forward? That’s it. That’s exactly what happened there. Second point is I don’t think this is an obstacle to peace at all. Because the fact that Jews live here on this land. I mean what do they want? An ethnically cleansed state? They want to uproot people? I don’t think that’s going to produce peace. But in point of fact, most of the, as you know, most of the so called settlers live in urban clusters, and we don’t add new settlements. We haven’t added them from my first term in prime minister which was nearly 20 years ago. And the fact that you add a few houses in existing communities doesn’t change the map one iota. So I think this is a bogus claim but it doesn’t stop it from being hurled at us and you’re quite right that we are constantly criticized for this. And I think that this is hypocritical. You know, the EU called EU ambassadors, our ambassadors to the EU are now called in because of this, the construction of a few houses. When did the EU call in the Palestinian ambassadors to complain about the incitement that calls for Israel’s destruction? When did the Palestinian get called in to hear complaints about the fact that security officers in the Palestinian Security Forces are participating in terrorist attacks against innocent Israelis. I think it’s time to stop this hypocrisy. I think it’s time to inject some balance and fairness into this discussion. Because I think this imbalance and this bias against Israel doesn’t advance peace. I think it pushes peace further away. Because it tells the Palestinians: you can basically do anything you want, say anything you want, incite any way you want, and you won’t be held accountable. And Israel that does its, takes tremendous efforts to preserve the peace and fight terrorism for the benefit of both Israelis and Palestinians alike, it always gets criticized. That’s not good. Doesn’t advance peace.Alhurra: Mr. Prime Minister. My name is Yihye Kassem and I’m the chief correspondent of Alhurra TV. My question is about the peace talks and your meeting today with King Abdullah. Do the Jordanians raise any objection to an Israel military presence in the future in the Jordan valley. Thank you.PM: Well, I had a, as I said, a very very good meeting with King Abdullah and we’re seeking to both advance peace and also the economic relations between our countries, and naturally also discussed the unfolding events in the region. Of course we discussed the peace talks between us and the Palestinians because Jordan is an intimate partner and Jordan will also be affected by this. But I would let the Jordanian government speak for itself. I will say that I think an arrangement any peace arrangement that we come to, any peace agreement that we agree to, and implement, has to assure that the border between Israel and Jordan and the borders, our eastern front, as we say, it’s not a front, that it’s always a tranquil and safe border. That is in the interest for us, I think for the Palestinians as well, and certainly for Jordan. We discussed it, but I prefer that you address any specific questions you have to the government of Jordan.Xinhua: Mr Prime Minister. My name is Young(?), your chief of Chinese Xinhua News Agency. I’d like to ask you a question on China Israel relations. In May last year you visited China and reached a series of consensus on [unclear] bilateral ties with Chinese leaders. What substantive progress has been made since then in implementing these consensus? And in order to promote bilateral trade, were Israel is restrictions on high-tech exports to China. Thank you.PM: Thank you. I think the relationship with China is obviously very very important in our consideration. That’s why I went to China, it was my second visit. I was struck with a tremendous development between my first visit and this one. And Israel has also developed during that time. The possibility of cooperation between the vast economy of China and Israel’s proven efforts, proven abilities in technology, is obviously something that both of us see. What we discussed in China was a series of agreements that will enable such deals to come to fruition. Now, since then there’s been a growth, we see a growth in Chinese interest, specific projects that we’re interested in. Delegations are coming in, even investors that are coming here, and we’re I think very close to completing the work that we decided to launch of a few months’ preparatory to have formal agreements between the Government of Israel and the Government of China on technology projects, sustainability projects. For example: How do we use our technology and our expertise to assist the water problems that China, many others by the way in the world face. We have, as you know Israel is number one for example in water recycling. We recycle close to 80% of our water. The next country is Spain. It recycles 25%. So we’re talking to the Government of China about taking a specific city, a specific project, applying our expertise in this area, and if it’s successful, scaling it up to many other cities. And we’re about to have meetings to conclude that particular issue. I give it as one example. There are many many others. And we’re looking into this question and the question of technology transfers with a view of developing this relationship which we consider as very important. There’s one other thing that you all should be aware of, those of you who represent countries in Europe, and those of you who represent countries in Asia. We’re moving forward on having a rail-link between Asia and Europe, and we have just made another decision in the Cabinet, a week ago, to advance actually the beginning of this week, to advance the rail-link between Eilat, which could be Eilat-Aqaba, Eilat from the Red Sea to Ashdod and the Mediterranean Sea. So it’s a Red-Med connection that effectively will enable goods from Asia to be transported to European ports and up the Danube, and that will be the first time that we’ll actually have a connection that will shall we say assist the countries to make sure that they always have an open connection between Europe and Asia and between Asia and Europe. There is also interest in China, in this project, but also interest in Europe naturally, and there’s interest for us. Coincidentally, we intend to use this obviously not only as a cargo rail-link, but also as a passenger link between Tel Aviv and Eilat. It will take about two hours. This will be a great boost for our economic development. I’m sure you’re aware of the Israel’s economic story doesn’t often come out, but I urge you to cover it, it’s interesting. And since you’re here, I may as well tell you that we have, we’re creating one Israel. That is, it’s not a big country, but you think it’s enormous from the time it used to take to travel from the North to the South. Because the roads weren’t there. The interchanges weren’t there. Well, we’re putting roads and highway interchanges, fast roads and rail connecting the North and the South and we’re opening up both the Negev and the Galilee for new opportunities. The biggest opportunity that you should be aware of in addition to this rail-link from Asia to Europe. The biggest development that we’re doing is moving many of our, I would say, of our most advanced military bases to the Negev, including those that deal with cyber defense. And Be’er Sheva is going to become the cyber capital. I want to be careful, I’d say a good chunk of the eastern hemisphere. You’re already seeing that tremendous development and tremendous interest of many companies in Israel’s cyber capabilities, cyber is essential for the development of the internet economy, cyber defense is essential for the development of the internet economy, for the protection of cyber space. It affects every person here, every one of you, every one of your children, every one of your grandchildren will be affected by this. And Israel is a leading force in the world for developing the safeguards that we need to have in order to have a secure and safe cyber environment. Not only a secure and safe Israel, but a secure and safe world. And it’s changing so rapidly that these capabilities of creating change, managing change, adopting change in this area of cyber security is something that I’m very excited about and it seems that many other people are excited about it. So this is changing the face of Israel. Ben Gurion had a vision to make the Negev develop. We never really succeeded in changing the distribution of population in Israel for close to 65 years. But it’s changing now,. It’s changing very dramatically. And young people are moving to the South and to the North because of these changes that we’re fashioning in the country. It’s a big story, and one that I think is not only important for Israel, but in certain important respects like the intercontinental transport and like the cyber development that is important I think for everyone of you as well. I wish you well. I hope you have a good and interesting year. I hope for our sake it’s not that interesting. Well, interesting in the things that I talked about, and one would hope less interesting in the things that affect our security and our safety. Thank you very much.
