Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventkimon131014

[Transcription]

Prime Minister Netanyahu: Mr. Secretary,

It is a pleasure to receive you once again in Jerusalem.

You have come to Israel after visiting Egypt and Libya, the West Bank and Gaza.

I appreciate your ongoing efforts to secure peace, peace and stability and security for all of us in this all too turbulent region.

The impression that we all have, certainly in the last few days and in the last few weeks, is of the tremendous burst of violence that came out of Gaza.

Mr. Secretary,

The root cause of the violence that burst from Gaza is not Israel’s occupation in Gaza, for a simple reason: Israel doesn’t occupy Gaza.

Israel left Gaza to the very last centimeter, to the very last inch. We uprooted all the settlements and vacated all the settlers.

So there is no Israeli occupation of Gaza.

The root cause of this summer's outburst of violence was Hamas' rocketing of Israeli cities, and these rocket attacks often exploited UN neutrality, using UN facilities and UN schools as part of the Hamas machine of terror.

And when rockets were discovered inside UN schools, some UN officials handed them back to Hamas – that very same Hamas that was rocketing that very same time Israeli cities and Israeli civilians. And I ask a further question, Mr. Secretary:

What is the root cause of Hamas’ rocket fire on Israel?

It’s Hamas’ opposition to Israel’s very existence.

Hamas doesn't give a hoot for the 1967 lines. For them, Israel has no right to live, in any borders. Hamas rejects our very existence. They’re committed to killing every Israeli and every Jew. You just have to read their charter – they say that very plainly.

So Hamas is the enemy of all of us who seek peace. And a real peace can only be achieved through bilateral negotiations with those who believe in peace.

I believe that unilateral steps by the Palestinians at the United Nations will not advance peace. I think they’ll do the very opposite. They’ll bring about a further deterioration in the situation – something none of us want.

If the UN wants to support a genuine reconciliation, it must avoid any steps that could undermine peace.

And I believe that, Mr. Secretary, this is the goal that you share with me and with all those who want to see a different Middle East, who want to see a stable, peaceful, prosperous and secure Middle East. And that can be achieved by having the parties who are committed to coexistence, who are committed to creating a new reality work together as opposed to at cross purposes and unilateralism.

I want to add a word about the violence on the Temple Mount, because it’s very clear what is causing it. It is not that Israel is in any way changing the status quo. We’re not. I’m committed, and Israel is committed, to maintaining the status quo exactly as it’s been for many decades.

What we’re seeing are Palestinian extremists who are instigating violence through incitement. The incitement is spread by false and baseless rumors that we are threatening the Muslim holy places.

Nothing could be further from the truth.

Israel scrupulously maintains the protection of the holy sites, the right of all religions to worship in their holy places, and will continue to do so, maintaining order, maintaining freedom of worship.

That freedom was actually guaranteed only after Israel reunified the City of Jerusalem in 1967. And in fact Israel is the only country in the Middle East that fully, unstintingly, continuously and constantly protects the freedom of worship and the access to the holy sites of worship.

Mr. Secretary,I think that it’s important to keep these truths in mind as we work together to try to advance peace in what is an increasingly turbulent, unstable and un-peaceful region. We don’t give up hope. We believe that hope should be grounded in reality; We have to have our feet on the ground as it is, but also look into the horizon and see how we can use the changing circumstances, the shifting sands of the Middle East, the new awareness of many parties that there are new realities, new alliances to forge a realistic and secure alliance for peace.

Secretary General Ban:

It’s a great privilege to see you again soon after our very constructive meeting in New York on the margins of the General Assembly.

Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister for welcoming me despite this very present holiday seasons. I hope I am not posing you any inconvenience during these holiday seasons.

On my way from the airport yesterday to my hotel, I saw so many Israeli people enjoying this holiday, Sukkot holiday, and I congratulate you and I wish you all the best.

As you remember, I was here in July most recently. After a summer of immense suffering and destruction, I’m back to strongly urge the leaders and member states to find a way to peace and contribute to the pressing issues of Gaza’s reconstruction. The conflict left unprecedented level of destruction, damage and pain for thousands of people, civilians living in the Gaza strip.

On the other side of the border, Israelis repeatedly lived with a constant fear for their own lives and safety and security, running for shelter at a moment’s notice. I consistently condemned the rockets fired from Hamas and other armed groups, the tunnels and breaches of the ceasefire. In the end more than 2,000 Palestinians were killed together with 70 Israelis and one foreign national. But today, as we move toward a more sustainable ceasefire and peace, I welcome steps taken by the Israeli government to ease movement and restrictions in the West Bank and Gaza.

The UN brokered trilateral agreement on a temporary Gaza reconstruction mechanism has opened the door to much needed reconstruction, taking fully into account Israel’s legitimate security concerns.

I thank the Prime Minister Netanyahu for his support for this mechanism. I urge both sides to implement this mechanism in good faith. Large Scale reconstruction must start without delay.

But this is not enough to break the cycle. If conditions in Gaza simply revert to where they were before this escalation, the clock will be reset for more instability, underdevelopment and conflict. Economic revival, which requires the predictable exit and entry of goods and people, can change the dynamics on the ground and ultimately enhance stability in Gaza, which in turn will improve Israel’s security.

I‘m confident that we can work together so that this economic revival enhances not calms, Israeli security.

Turning to a subject I’m very sorry to raise yet again, I’m very concerned about the recent announcement of plans to advance settlements in East Jerusalem, which are in clear violation of International law. This does not send the right signals, and I urge the government of Israel to reverse these activities.

As you mentioned about this holy site in Jerusalem, and I also said this morning, I’m deeply concerned by repeated provocations at the holy site in Jerusalem. These only enflame tension and must stop.

After this difficult summer for Palestinians and Israelis, both sides need to take steps to build trust and confidence. I’m also well aware that current regional turmoil continues to pose many challenges to Israel.

In view of the recent incidents, we count on both sides to cooperate to reduce tension and prevent escalation along the Blue Line.

I also want to once again thank the Israeli government for its good cooperation with UNDOF.

Finally, let me say that as the rounds of hostilities indicate the status quo is not tenable. It is clear that the sides must quickly return to the negotiation table with the readiness to make the tough and necessary compromises. This is the time for leadership, Mr. Prime Minister, for the resumption of talks, for an end to polarization.

There is not a moment to lose.

The outlines of an agreement are clear. The ultimate destination is known to all. Unilateral action is no foundation for the future. The two-state solution is the only way to bring peace to both sides.

Toda, thank you.
