Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoekstart161114



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting:

"Last Thursday I met with King Abdullah and US Secretary of State John Kerry. We called for a calming of the situation, the restoration of quiet and a halt to incitement and violence. I said that it is impossible to stop the violence without stopping the incitement that leads to violence.

Less than 24 hours after this meeting in Amman, the official media of the Palestinian Authority called for a day of rage in Jerusalem. Abu Mazen must halt the incitement that leads to acts of violence. This is one of the roots of the inflamed moods that are fueled by Islamist extremist propaganda and propaganda by the Palestinian Authority.

I call on Abu Mazen to stop this propaganda immediately. In any case, Israel will defend its citizens against acts of violence. We will use all legal means at our disposal, including new legislation, to maintain the security of our citizens and residents.

Israel is also being challenged by lies being disseminated to the effect that we intend to change the status quo on the Temple Mount – this is a gross lie. We are being challenged by the unwillingness to recognize the right of the Jewish People to a state of its own.

Israel is a Jewish and democratic state. Democracy here finds expression in the right of every person to vote in secret elections. It finds expression in Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty, which promises full individual rights in a manner that is unprecedented anywhere in the very large region around us.

The Jewish aspect of the state finds expression in its being the one and only national state of the Jewish People, with a flag, national anthem and the right of the Jewish People to come here. The balance between these two facets is necessary, both to balance our judicial system, which certainly recognizes the democratic aspect, and now needs to also recognize the aspect of our being the national state of the Jewish people.

Today we will move forward on the nationality law that is designed to bring this balance. It will yet undergo many changes and discussions, but we will make it clear that the State of Israel is the national state of the Jewish People, while providing for equal rights – and ensuring equal rights – for all its citizens."