Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart310815



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting:

"This morning I held a special discussion with Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan and Transportation and Road Safety Minister Yisrael Katz in order to deal with what seems to be a trend of increasing terrorist attacks in both Jerusalem and in Judea and Samaria. We will reinforce our units and we will increase protection for motor vehicles in order to maintain security for the citizens of Israel.

The Israel Police has an important role in this just as it does in maintaining law and order in general. I give full backing to Public Security Minister Erdan in his efforts to appoint the best man for the position of Inspector General of the Israel Police. Gal Hirsch is the right man, in the right place. He is an officer with values, he is dedicated and he has great abilities to enact changes and contribute to strengthening the Israel Police.

Today the Cabinet will be briefed by Education Minister Naftali Bennett on our preparations for the beginning of the new school year. The start of the school year will be marked by two important reforms: First, reducing the number of pupils in classrooms, and second, the addition of a second assistant in kindergartens. Of course we are also advancing other things, the most important of which is advancing excellence and fostering a culture of achievements. There is nothing more important. It is not just classroom size or the number of assistants, it is – first and foremost – education for excellence, especially in the sciences and mathematics.

We have spoken at length about this. Important steps are being carried out in this area and I support the Education Minister. We have set his as a basic goal for the State of Israel. We want to continue the start-up nation. The base for this is, first of all, mathematics and the sciences. We will also increase the number of children studying for five points in mathematics. This has far-reaching consequences for the economy, technology and security.

I can only add that the future belongs to countries that can innovate. Innovation is built on two values: The first, of course, is excellence and the second is domestic solidarity. We summarize this in two words – Zionism and excellence.

Regarding Zionism and our national and Jewish values – our educational system is committed to these, as I think we all are. Regarding excellence, mathematics is the queen of sciences. It is true that mathematic abilities are shared among the entire population. In addition to what we are doing here to increase the number of those excelling at mathematics, a national need of the highest order as far as I am concerned, we will also enact a measure that is of great symbolic importance and is also a sign for the future.

I intend to support the Mayor of Dimona's request to build a 'cyber college' in Dimona. If there is anything that shows the intention of the new Israel, the Israel that is at the forefront of global science and innovation, it is what is happening in Be'er Sheva and Dimona. We are turning the capital of the Negev and its adjacent cities into a global cyber capital.

This is essential. No less essential is the effort by Education Minister Bennett and the Education Ministry, with the full backing of Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon, and the urgent support of my government, to bring excellence in mathematics to all children in Israel."