Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventhernandez291015

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, met with Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández, who is visiting Israel along with a delegation of senior ministers and military officers. The two discussed bilateral cooperation on a broad range of issues including security, cyber, technology, agriculture, and water recycling and desalination. The Prime Minister said that Israel is ready to cooperate with, and assist, the Honduran government in these areas and added that one of Israel's goals in the coming years is to develop new markets in Latin America. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: "We are impressed by the fact that you brought an impressive delegation of your Foreign Minister, your Defense Minister, your Minister of Infrastructure, Agriculture, Chairman of your Joint Chiefs. This reflects a concrete friendship that is a friendship that is moving in many areas. I know that Israel is sending a team to work on your, helping you cope with and overcome your water problems. I think you came to the right place if you want to solve, help someone, someone help your, solve your water problems. And I think Israel can help and is eager to help in this and in many other areas. We welcome your friendship, welcome your, the expression of that friendship in international forums and I think we can do a great deal together, and in this respect I think that this visit is a milestone in our friendship and our general view of the importance of Latin America and Honduras's role in that region. " Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez: "We are here to reinforce and reaffirm the fact that Honduras is a friend of Israel and we will continue supporting you in terms of security and liberty. I would also like to say that Israel is a pioneer in the management of agriculture, as we spoke in previous occasions. We give great importance to water, wood and soil, and we know that we have come to the best place in order to learn from that. We are sure that after our visit, there will be a before and an after for us."
