Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmemorial261015

President Rivlin introduced a practice according to which after he has listed those present at the ceremony there is no need to mention the others. Nevertheless I will make an exception and mention Yuli Edelstein, the Speaker of the Knesset, the legislative body; and Chief Justice Miriam Naor, President of the Supreme Court, the judiciary – which does not support our enemies but rather is the foundation of our existence and which preserves our values. Our national home was shattered to the core two decades ago. You were the first ones to be hurt – Rabin's family members, including the late Leah, Dalia and Yuval, the grandchildren and Rachel. I know that this wound will not heal. But you were not the only ones who were shocked by this horrendous murder; it has left all of us damaged and agonized. A Jewish murderer killed a prime minister in Israel. The life of a preeminent leader in Israel was cut short.Three months ago, my wife Sara and I visited the Rabin Center in Tel Aviv, after an invitation from Dalia Rabin. It was an incredibly moving visit. We attended the opening of the "Operation Yonatan" exhibit, which documents the courageous operation to rescue our brothers and sisters who had been taken hostage and taken to Entebbe, Uganda, 39 years ago. Yitzhak Rabin, the prime minister at the time, made the crucial and decisive decision to approve this operation with unparalleled responsibility and courage.Afterwards, we viewed the fascinating exhibit in the museum, which tells the story of Yitzhak Rabin intertwined in the story of the State of Israel; in the Haganah, the Palmach, the IDF, in diplomacy and statesmanship. I saw some things there that I already knew and many things that I did not know. We left feeling that every Israeli – child or adult – must visit this place and learn about this esteemed leader and his life, which he dedicated to serving the nation and was cut short by a despicable murderer. We are proud, and rightly so, of being the only democracy in the Middle East. Israel is a sanctuary of freedom and human rights in a large area ruled by the sword and the sword alone. But at times a thriving democracy also faces breaking points that threaten its ability to function, its stability and values. We experienced such moments during crucial wars – to the resolution of which Yitzhak Rabin made a personal contribution. And 20 years ago, that extremely shocking moment in which Yitzhak Rabin's life ended was another one. Once again it seemed as though we were standing on the edge, as in our ancient past, at the crossroads of destruction and exile. The traumatic murder of the Prime Minister obligated us to close the breach in our wall of democracy. This is not a simple process. In some ways, it has not yet been completed. There are still individuals among us who challenge the basic rule of democracy – according to which decisions are made at the ballot box and not in the city square with a gun. There is no religious instruction which is above state laws – not in Judaism, Islam or any other religion. There is simply no such thing!Democracy must protect itself, and therefore I recently approved administrative detentions for Jewish lawbreakers and instigators of terrorism. We are determined to fight against all those who use violence, all those who take the law into their hands, all those who use democracy to liberate themselves from democracy. And still I believe that the absolute majority of citizens in Israel understand that we must stand together, committed to respecting the state's laws, responsible for each other – despite our differences of opinions and views. The Torah states: "For we are brothers." Only by embracing this fundamental view will we guarantee the safety and future of Israel, which is constantly challenged by many forces but even more so today. The immediate challenge today is fighting against the libel and the lie, against the knife and the rock. Terrorists who are being incited attack innocent civilians in Jerusalem and other places. They do so with murderous cruelty and blood lust, and nothing else in their eyes or hearts. They are misled to believe the massive lies that we intend to destroy the Al-Aqsa mosque or that we execute innocent Palestinian children and young adults. We fight against the instigators of both terrorism and lies. I stressed many times, including in recent days: we are not changing the status quo on the Temple Mount; we preserve it and act to prevent provocations. Israel is the only country that safeguards the holy sites of all religions. Any fair-minded person who sees how the Shi'ites and Sunnis destroy each other's mosques, not to mention Jewish temples and Christian churches or world heritage sites, understands Israel's unique role in safeguarding the ritual sites and preserving the status quo. This fabrication is what led to the violence over the past several weeks. Throughout the history of the Zionist enterprise, our enemies always had an excuse prepared to justify their murderousness: Before the establishment of the state and after it was established; prior to the initiation of the peace process and after it began; preceding the disengagement from the Gaza Strip and after it was completed. We do not accept this – not the murderousness or the justifications for it, just as Yitzhak Rabin did not accept it. I am not saying I was in agreement with Yitzhak Rabin on everything. We disagreed on many things, this is no secret. However, Rabin was free of self-recriminations. Rabin never espoused the outrageous perception according to which we are guilty, even when we are the victims. He wished to put an end to the conflict and worked for peace, but very soon he also had to deal with merciless tides of terrorism. This terrorism stems from the refusal to recognize the nation-state of the Jewish people in any borders. Essentially that was and remains the root of the conflict. This is what prevents it from being resolved. Rabin knew that the terrorists wish to shed our blood, wear us down, discourage us and uproot us from our homeland. He recognized that Palestinian terrorism and their ongoing refusal, which I have previously described and which unfortunately continues today, drew strength from the spread of militant Islam in our region. In October 1994, he said at the Knesset: "A dark wave of militant, radical Islam is trying to flood many countries. The militant Islamic terrorist organizations are trying to harm moderate Arab regimes that are ready for peace with Israel. Over the past several years, Iran's assistance in this terrorism is evident – both directly and indirectly".Rabin did not blame us for the increasing terrorism and I have already mentioned that the terrorism erupted at the culmination of the peace process. He considered terrorism to be a despicable and immoral act that should not be justified. This lesson is also true today. Our enemies regard terrorism as a strategic tool for the destruction of Israel. They do not educate their people for peace but rather for the continuation of violence and bloodshed. And in the end, the only chance for them to change their ways, to truly accept our existence, lies in their understanding that they cannot defeat us. This is the road to true peace and on this road there are no shortcuts. Therefore, we must constantly strengthen our country. Indeed, in the face of all the challenges, of everything that is happening around us, Israel is a strong country – the security forces are strong and, I would like to add, our citizens are also strong. The incitement will not weaken our determination to live in our land and terrorism will not defeat us. Its instigators did not defeat us in the past and they will not defeat us in the future. We will continue to extend our hand in peace to all those who recognize our right to live in security and peace. At the same time, we bravely battle the forces of terrorism and militant Islam. We will tell them what Yitzhak Rabin said: "We will continue to fight for our right to live here in peace and quiet. No knife, rock, firebomb or mine will stop us. We have no intention of surrendering to terrorism and therefore we will strike at terrorists."My friends, Yitzhak Rabin viewed security as the foundation of our existence and of the peace so longed for. He wished to add layers on top of this foundation to increase the welfare of our citizens and society. This is what we have done throughout one hundred years of Zionism and this is what we do today: paving new roads to the Negev and the Galilee, building the country, bolstering the market and economy, nurturing science and technology, developing new sources of energy – primarily natural gas. Israel's advancement does not stop and will not stop. This is the best response to those who wish to harm us, this is what guarantees our future, and I believe that this is the most appropriate way to commemorate Yitzhak Rabin. May his memory be a blessing.
