Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventshomron061015



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon and IDF Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Gadi Eizenkot, toured the site at which

Rabbi Eitam Henkin and his wife Naama were murdered on 1 October

, and later held a security discussion with local commanders at the IDF Samaria Brigade HQ. The Prime Minister ordered, "to change the mindset" and submit a plan for active defense on the roads.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I asked to come here today along with the Defense Minister and the IDF Chief of Staff to see for myself the scene of the attack, the operational deployment, the action by the forces on the ground, and to evaluate several methods we can use to eradicate this wave of terrorism.

"First, I would like to commend the IDF, the ISA and the police for the quick and excellent work in solving the heinous murder of the Henkins and, of course, their actions in apprehending the culprits. This is important. This is something we want to be able to prevent and, when necessary, to catch the perpetrators just as quickly and effectively.

The focus of this visit is active defense along the roads. A significant portion of the attacks are taking place along main roads and we have agreed here on a very serious plan in which we will deploy ground and aerial cameras on all roads in Judea and Samaria, with command and control centers, communication centers and fast response times. This change can significantly enhance our ability to thwart such attacks and of course to locate the perpetrators. This is a very, very important element in restoring security.

However, I would like to clarify that the IDF, along with the other security arms, do a lot of other things, and will continue to do so even more. There is no question of backing, there is no question of support - it is given generously and everyone knows it, everyone except those who say the opposite, and I think that even they know it. Local leaders must show the necessary responsibility, including those in the various communities, perhaps foremost in the communities, to act responsibly, to be precise. We are in an ongoing struggle. Such a struggle does not require harsh criticism, it requires a lot of strength, a resolute attitude, much composure and thoroughness – this is what we are doing.

We are operating in Jerusalem as well – Jerusalem is, of course, only the outer layer of events and the Temple Mount is the heart of hearts – by various means, and we are maintaining the status quo. But the status quo does not allow bringing pipebombs into the al-Aqsa Mosque. The status quo certainly must not allow throwing firebombs and rocks. We have directed the police and other security forces to deal aggressively with these phenomena and I also want to deal with those shopkeepers, those Palestinians who were there on the street, on which a Jewish woman ran stabbed and bleeding, and they spat at her and kicked her. I asked that these people be investigated, prosecuted and their stores closed according to law. We cannot accept a repetition of these events anywhere in the world, certainly not in Israel's capital. We also demand very sharp action against incitement, including its sources, Hamas, the Palestinian Authority - but first and foremost the source of incitement in recent years is the Islamic Movement in the State of Israel. We will act against it as well. With all these measures, I think we will achieve important results and I think we can break this wave, as we broke previous waves ".