Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechjerusalem170515

-Translation-

Forty-eight years ago, the rift in our capital, Jerusalem, was healed and it became a unified city again. The division led to its atrophy; the reunification led to its flourishing. That is why Jerusalem will never again be a wounded and bisected city. We will forever keep Jerusalem united under Israel's sovereignty.

In this place, we bow our heads in memory of the IDF soldiers killed in the Six Day War, including those who fell in the battles to defend Jerusalem and liberate it. There is no future without hope, and no nation has a chance without a willingness to make sacrifices. The sacrifices that took place for this city, on this hill, left their mark as an exemplar for generations of fighters. There is a good reason that the fresh recruits to the Israel Defense Forces from Jerusalem come to this place. Several months ago, my wife and I had the privilege of accompanying our son, who was inducted as a combat soldier in the IDF, and we were very moved, naturally, as were the other parents present, by the day but also by the place.

Let me tell you, bereaved families: I know the depth of your pain and I share your grief. The wounds of loss are stamped on your flesh. If there is any recompense and comfort from this precious sacrifice it is that your loved ones are engraved in the consciousness of the entire nation as our heroes, thanks to whom Israel was rescued from existential danger. The members of my generation remember well the six days which removed the chokehold from the country's neck. But in equal measure, the days of anxiety and tense waiting that preceded the war are indelibly etched on us.

We all know that Israel's fate hangs in the balance. We rose up as one, we came together, took courage and repelled our enemies who were closing in on us from three fronts. There is no war more just and moral than that one, during which the Israeli peoples' desire for life was fully demonstrated. The crowning glory of that magnificent victory was Jerusalem. For 19 years after the War of Independence, it was a city divided, closed off in every direction, strangled.

There are many young people here so I invite you to speak with veteran residents of Jerusalem, first and foremost President Rivlin and even me. I remember it well. Hear from us about the no-man's-land, about the danger from Legion sniper fire from the walls of the city, about the concrete walls that protected the passersby in the heart of the city from being shot, about the barbed wire fences, about the fortifications, obstacles and signs on which "Stop, border ahead" was written.

I clearly remember the Mamilla neighborhood, where my late father had an office. And I remember the Mandelbaum Gate. Access to the Old City was entirely out of the question. We tried to look through improvised binoculars at the "forbidden city" from the observation posts adjacent to the line that divided the capital – on Mount Zion, at Abu Tor, from the roof of the Notre Dame Chapel. We always felt like something was missing, that there was always an invisible cloud hanging over our heads.

That was what Jerusalem was like, and all that changed all at once 48 years ago. Here, at Ammunition Hill, a brave battle took place among the communications trenches, ammunition stores and bunkers. Two generations before our soldiers courageously fought the threat of Hamas tunnels during Operation Protective Edge, these trenches were a symbol of determination and sacrifice on the part of Israel's warriors. And only two kilometers from here was another symbol of the fighting in Jerusalem, and I remember the moment we heard, "We have entered the Old City."

I remember Motta Gur's words, which shook everyone to their very souls. I remember the tough paratroopers who broke out in tears when they saw the stones of the Western Wall. Every one of them felt like they were carrying on their bodies not only their weapons and helmets, but also the vast historical baggage of the longing for Zion of many generations. On the day Jerusalem was liberated, the people's unity reached new heights – in Israel and abroad. The barriers that fell in the heart of Jerusalem also fell within us. Huge waves of empathy and profound emotion swept over us. They led to a tremendous Zionist awakening around the world, even behind the Iron Curtain, and to a significant increase in the rate of immigration to Israel.

And indeed, "the seventh day" after the war was as exciting as the days that came before: We liberated Jerusalem and Jerusalem liberated us. From a city so cramped that living there defied a normal existence, Jerusalem opened up and spread out. Construction is developing at a tremendous pace and the President was right in saying that the momentum in this development must also include the eastern part of the city.

The Prophet Isaiah said, "Behold, I am laying a stone for a foundation in Zion: a sturdy stone." Jerusalem is indeed a sturdy stone. It tests us – how willing we are to hold onto it and protect it. Over the past year, we have experienced serious terrorist attacks in Jerusalem – most seriously the horrifying massacre of the people praying at the synagogue in the Har Nof neighborhood, including deadly vehicular attacks, stabbings and stone-throwing intended to injure and kill. Even today, people tried to challenge us in Jerusalem and I wish to convey my wishes for a speedy recovery to the police officers and praise the Israel Police for all it does to safeguard Jerusalem's security, our security. We will not accept terror. We will pursue its perpetrators until terror is eliminated. We will fight the incitement that is the result of our enemies' denial of our historic attachment to Jerusalem, of our deep roots, of our heritage. They understand that Jerusalem is the focal point of our identities. We have a covenant with it that is thousands of years old. When Jews say "Jerusalem" – all our history, our dreams and our values are intertwined in that word.

And who objects to us being in Jerusalem? Who refuses to recognize our right to exist as a sovereign people in our own land? They view us as foreign objects that must be uprooted from here. We are foreign objects? Several minutes ago, I quoted the Prophet Isaiah, a man from Jerusalem, he and the prophets of Israel prophesized in Jerusalem. The Kings of Israel, the kings of Judea ruled in Jerusalem. The truth must be said without fear: Jerusalem has always been and will always be the capital of the Jewish people alone, and not of any other people. We began our journey here as a nation; this is our home and here we shall remain. At the same time, we are working to ensure that Jerusalem remains an open and free city. It is only under Israeli sovereignty that the freedom of worship of all religions will be protected in Jerusalem. The believers pray at their holy places not in spite of our sovereignty in the city, but because of it.

Islamic fundamentalism is threatening Jerusalem, the Middle East and the entire world, the fanaticism of Sunni extremists like ISIS and of Shiite extremists under the leadership of the ayatollahs in Tehran. Radical Sunnis and Shiites fight each other, but they have a common enemy – the West and the culture of freedom and progress that it represents. Only last night, after the determined action of the United States against ISIS terrorism, Iran's leader Khamenei attacked the US and said, "The United States" – this is what the man in charge of the negotiations between Iran and the world powers said! "The United States initiates and supports terror." These things were said at a time when Iran still does not have nuclear weapons, and it is not too late to turn away from the plan to give Iran a deal that will pave it a sure road to nuclear weapons.

We object to this deal and we are not the only ones who object. A better deal should and can be achieved because we cannot allow the extremists to obtain what they seek, not in Iran, not in Yemen, not in Jerusalem. Jerusalem is experiencing one of its greatest periods of radiance. We continue to build here and nurture the city, expand its neighborhoods, and there is still much more to do and improve in all parts of the city for all its residents. We are establishing real cultural gems in Jerusalem. Mr. Mayor, you are doing holy work here. We are building the new National Library and a campus for Biblical archaeology.

Look around Jerusalem and you will see cranes all around it. Anyone coming from Shaar HaGuy to the capital sees that we are tunneling into the mountain, expanding Highway 1, upgrading lanes, laying train tracks. The revolution taking place in Jerusalem's status – inside the city and without – will only increase in the coming years. More than any other time, on this special day it is clear to us that a divided Jerusalem is a distant memory. The future belongs to the undivided and never to be divided Jerusalem – the city that is "Perfect in Beauty, Joy of All the Earth."

Happy holiday to the residents of Jerusalem; happy holiday to the people of Israel.
