Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventshem160415



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, on

Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Day

today at the Knesset, made the following remarks at the '

Unto Every Person There is a Name

' ceremony:

"My late father-in-law, Shmuel Ben-Artzi, left his family in

Bilgoraj

in Poland in 1933 and immigrated to Israel as an emissary of the

Novardok Yeshiva

. He worked in orchards and thereby realized his dream of being a Hebrew pioneer. He was a teacher, educator and noted

Tanakh

scholar. He was invited by Israel's first Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion, to participate in the Tanakh study circle he established. Shmuel was one of the few, perhaps the only one, to receive citations from both the

Etzel

and the

Haganah

. He was a Hebrew writer and poet and his poems about the Holocaust won a prize for In 1942, at the of 26, he wrote 'To the Land of Moriah':

'To the Land of

Moriah

My father –

I did not know what had befallen him.

Was he still alive? In what place

there did he wander, pursued and threatened?

I am here alone going up Mt. Moriah.

Many generations are laid upon my back:

Broken pieces of burnt wood dripping anguish,

And in my eyes lightning-fire of thousands of ovens,

Into which thousands of murderers were not thrown;

a blade dripping blood and anguish in my heart.

G-d, give me a sign!

Do not send an angel and ram,

let no shofar sound my name!

The binding of thousands has not assuaged your wrath,

Even my coming up is for naught –

G-d, give me a sign!'

I will now read the names of some of my father-in-law's relatives, dozens, who perished in the Holocaust:

His father, Moshe Hahn, his father's wife Ita, his twin sister Yehudit, who was 24.

His brothers Meir Hahn .(18), Shimon Tzvi (16) and Aryeh Leib (13), and his little sister Feizele.

His aunt Ma'tel Koenigstein, her son Hillel and her eldest daughter.

His uncle Mendel, his wife and their two children.

His uncle Avraham Tauber, his wife and their son and daughter.

His aunt Rachel Tauber .and her three sons – Avraham, Yaakov and Shlomo, and their wives and children.

His aunt Hinda and her husband Yehezkel.

His aunt Hendel, her husband and their children.

His aunt Paula and her two daughters.

May their memories be blessed."