Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speecheitan060715

- Translation -At every meeting and in every conversation I have with you, my brothers and sisters in the family of bereavement, one sentence is repeated: We have great pain in our hearts and tremendous pride in the same measure. I well know that your grief is immeasurable, your agony cannot be relieved, but at the same time, you are fully aware that the bravery of your sons and loved ones saved many lives in Israel.

Yehuda Haiman, who lost his father in the War of Independence and his grandson Yuval in Operation Protective Edge, said about his grandson Yuval's death, "We are bowed with pain but proud that our generation had the privilege denied to previous generations – to hold a weapon in our hands and make sacrifices for the future of the people of Israel".

Speaking of his son, Sergeant Adar Barsano, Gil Barsano said, "He accompanied me for 20 years. I was always proud of him. My hero of Israel was killed in a firefight with terrorists in the most just war in defense of the people of Israel". The indiscriminate firing of rockets on our cities by Hamas and terror tunnels through which terrorists sought to bring murderers into our cities – these two things obligated us to begin a defensive war and fight back against our enemies.

Hamas suffered a blow unlike any it has experienced since its establishment. We closely follow what is happening in the south and are preparing to act forcefully when needed. I say to all enemies of Israel – Hamas, Hezbollah, Iran and ISIS: Whoever tries to harm us, their blood shall be upon their own heads. "The bow of Jonathan would not recoil, the sword of Saul would not return empty".

The decision to send forces into battle is the most difficult of all decisions. It is not taken lightly. It involves profound debate and supreme judgment, and is only made after all other possibilities have been exhausted. Let every mother and father alive know that every soldier is precious to us.

I view each and every soldier in the IDF, I view each and every fallen soldier, as if they were my son. I heard the most moving things about each of your sons – about their unique and radiant personalities, about their lives, about their military service, about the moment they fell, and first and foremost about the magnitude of your loss. We do not wish to fight, but we do not hesitate to defend our country.

A whirlwind of bloodshed is raging in the Middle East and it is increasing. A brave, strong and moral people stand against it. We aspire to peace but are ready to fight in order to defend ourselves, our children, our future. We sanctify life; our enemies sanctify death. We bear the torch of enlightenment; our enemies rule in a dark regime. They are filled with hatred and a lust for destruction; we are filled with love and a desire to live.

Our sons went to battle, to the difficult war with their love of their people and their country throbbing in their breast, with deep faith in the justness of our path. They knew an entire nation stood behind them with matchless national unity. Commanders in the field told me that they taped letters written to the soldiers by Israeli children on the walls of the command post, and this mutual responsibility gave the IDF soldiers added strength to fight and strike at our enemy – on land, in the air and at sea. And they did so while strictly adhering to the Laws of Warfare and the values of the IDF code of purity of arms during a very complex fight against an enemy committing a double war crime – intentionally firing rockets on our cities and towns and intentionally hiding behind Palestinian civilians. Our soldiers faced this marvelously, with supreme bravery – in the tunnels, in homes, in the fields, everywhere and with unparalleled morality.

Everything was done to bring home Staff Sergeant Oron Shaul, the beloved fighter who excelled, and First Lieutenant Hadar Goldin, the admired commander who swept his fighters in his wake. It is our basic, human duty to them and to their families. And I take this opportunity to wish a speedy recovery – and I wish I could say a full recovery and health – and if I can then a full recovery and good health for their entire lives to the injured soldiers, who are embraced by the love of the nation, along with their families.

My brothers and sisters, dear families, when I spoke with you during the campaign, I told you that I not only spoke to you as Prime Minister, but also as a member of the family of bereavement which you joined in such a cruel and yet heroic way. I told you that I know your pain, that I am familiar with the grief of bereavement which you are experiencing, mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, sons and daughters, partners and widows. But I also added that life is a strong river that sweeps us forward, that you would experience other days, days of hope. The horrible scar will always remain. We will always remember our loved ones who fell. And in our heart of hearts, we are comforted by the fact that our loved ones died a heroic death in order to save our people. The soldiers who fell during Operation Protective Edge are another link in the chain of heroism of Israel's brave fighters who gave their lives so that we could live proudly in our country.

Our longing is without end, our pride without bounds. May the memory of our soldiers, of our sons, the heroes of Israel, and of our citizens, from four-year-old Daniel to the oldest who fell – may their memories be forever engraved in the heart of the nation.
