Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventpres250315

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks at the President's Residence, upon being appointed, by President Reuven Rivlin, to form a government:

"It is with a deep sense of responsibility that I accept from you the task of forming a government. I must tell you that I am as moved as if this was the first time and I am well aware of the magnitude of the responsibility placed upon me.

Citizens of Israel, I would like to thank you for the trust that you have given me to lead the country at this time. I see myself as prime minister of each and every one of you, those who voted for me and those who did not. I will work to heal the rifts that opened between the various segments of society during the election campaign.

Now we must all put the elections behind us and focus on that which unites us. In the new government that will be formed, I am committed to continue on this path, that of a Jewish and democratic state that upholds equality of rights for all its citizens regardless of religion, race or gender – thus it has been and thus it will be.

The next government will be faced with two challenges: Building up our security and improving our social welfare. Already in the first budget that we will pass, we will include a series of steps designed to lower housing costs, lower food prices and dismantle the monopolies that impede competition. And regarding security, it is a foundation of our existence, our future and the hope for peace with our neighbors. Our hand is extended in peace to our Palestinian neighbors. The people of Israel know that a true peace, our very future, will be assured only if Israel remains strong in sprit as well as in power. One need only look at the disturbances around us to understand this clear reality.

We very much appreciate, and will take care to preserve, our alliance with the best of our friends, the United States; however, we will continue to work to prevent the agreement with Iran, an agreement that endangers us, our neighbors and the world. We see eye to eye with many of our Arab neighbors regarding the danger posed by Iran and we also view positively the benefit that this new partnership could have for the region.

Mr. President, Rubi, we have known each other since we were children. I knew your late brother and you knew mine. We draw the faith of the justice of the cause of our people and our state from the education that we received from our parents. Together we will work for the unity, security and prosperity of the State of Israel.

In 10 days the Jewish People will sit around the Seder table and read the Haggadah. We are commanded to remember that, 'In every generation one must see as if he himself had left Egypt.'

My friends, citizens of Israel, I do not forget this precept for a moment. I well remember that our freedom is not self-evident. We will secure it only if we are strong and only if we are united. We embrace the soldiers of the IDF and the personnel of the security forces; even now they are guarding over us along our borders.

Dear citizens of Israel, I promise to justify the trust you have given me to lead the State of Israel in the face of the major challenges that we are facing. I am proud to be the Prime Minister of Israel. It is a great honor to serve you and our country. With G-d's help and yours, we will succeed."
