Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechethiopia170515

The Honorable President of Israel, Reuven Rivlin,Distinguished Rabbis,Distinguished Kesim,Bereaved Families,My Brothers and Sisters of Ethiopian Descent,

In Jerusalem we remember those who died during the journey. You turned towards Jerusalem; in Jerusalem your redemption came; in Jerusalem we heard your cry. The entire people heard it. I heard it.

Roughly two weeks ago, I met with several of you. It was a moving meeting, and if I may say so, one that shook me to my core. I heard complaints of racism, discrimination, deprivation, excessive force. You told me of your fear to walk in the streets because of the color of your skin. I cannot accept this, not in our country, not in the Jewish state.

This week, I will establish a special ministerial committee, under my leadership, to address all these issues and many others. We will present a comprehensive plan to the government to assist you along the way. But beyond the program, and other programs and resources and projects, there is one clear principle – there is no room for racism and discrimination in our society. None. We will fight with all our strength against these unacceptable practices. We will simply uproot them from our lives. We will turn them into something looked down upon, something contemptible.

There are societies which succeeded in rising above this morass. We brought human dignity to civilization – we, the Jews – and we will ensure that human dignity will find expression in our one and only state.

My brothers and sisters of Ethiopian descent, you are Israelis in the full sense of the word, flesh of our flesh, equals among equals, and you embody your stories, which exalt the vision of the ingathering of the exiles, which is the essence of our existence and our rebirth and our prayers. Today, we remember all you experienced to realize this vision, to reach Land of Zion and Jerusalem.

In the stone houses, the mud dormitories and in the straw huts across Ethiopia, every Jewish child knew the word, "Jerusalem". Jerusalem may have been a distant dream, but who knows how to make dreams come true more than the people of Israel?

"The Builder of Jerusalem is Hashem; the outcasts of Israel He will gather in." So wrote the poet of Psalms, and you mentioned Jerusalem at every opportunity – in prayer, at family dinners, when lighting the Shabbat candles, during the Sigd holiday. Its name was preferred above all, generation after generation – from father to son and from mother to daughter. This hope, to reach Jerusalem, was tremendous and it was what motivated you to leave on this difficult and dangerous journey to the Promised Land.

I can tell you that I have undergone quite a few journeys in my lifetime. When I was a soldier, I marched a great many kilometers – in the Negev, the Galilee, from sea to sea. But your journey is unparalleled. It was a journey by foot that took weeks and months, sometimes even years. It was a journey of complete uncertainty, a journey of tears.

On the way, you ran into every possible difficulty: hunger and thirst, disease and death, imprisonment and torture, attacks by bandits. Sometimes you fought off wild animals, sometimes people who were worse than animals. The stories are truly heartbreaking. On the eve of your journey many of you said goodbye to your relatives and friends who stayed behind by saying, "Who knows if we will ever see each other again."

Death lurked around every corner. Some people had to walk for hours without their shoes which were taken from them, and they felt the hot ground burning their feet. Some people suffered humiliating whippings at the hands of Sudanese policemen, and some people watched their loved ones die in front of them without being able to help.

Those who perished were hurriedly buried, and to the hardship of survival was added the grief of parting from them. I wonder at the spirit, the determination and the heroism you needed. When you finally arrived in Jerusalem, you got down on your knees and kissed the ground. It was a moment of pure joy mixed with profound pain for the thousands of victims buried along the way. May their memories be blessed.

My friends, the journey of your immigration is over, but it is important to me that every boy and girl in Israel will know your stories. I instructed the Ministry of Education to imbue this story with all the glory and majesty and pain in our schools because I believe it is part of bringing people together and instilling the shared fate of our people.

Alongside the difficulties, you can be proud of the stories of the pioneers: in politics, academia, education, medicine, the military and military medicine. I just welcomed back the delegation that was in Nepal, and there was a doctor there, a lieutenant colonel of Ethiopian descent – what pride. An Israeli delegation, the largest delegation in terms of number, or the second largest – I believe India's was larger – went to save lives, also of Israelis of course as all Israel is responsible for one another, but also of people, of human beings, and a senior doctor was a lieutenant colonel of Ethiopian descent – in the military and in medicine. What pride.

But unfortunately this integration also has a heavy cost. Soldiers and officers of Ethiopian descent serve in the IDF, defending the State of Israel, and sometimes they fall in battle. This happened just recently during Operation Protective Edge, and this of course is our shared destiny. This is the price Israel pays to safeguard its security, and this cost is shared by our sons and daughters from all parts of the nation.

Brothers and sisters, in order to realize your dream to be with us here, you paid the heaviest price and you made great sacrifices. You remember the past and preserve your community's heritage, while at the same time you look to the future – to successful integration into Israeli society. We are always by your side; we are always with you.

Here in Jerusalem, which is described by our forefathers as a city which makes all Israel friends, shine rays of optimism and hope. You have arrived home. We will cherish the memory of your loved ones who did not make it, and God willing, we will see the good of Jerusalem always.
