Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventuk221215



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today in Jerusalem, met with Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko. At the start of their meeting, several bilateral agreements were signed: A plan of understandings on scientific and technological cooperation that calls for – inter alia – cooperation between research institutes, participation in conferences and seminars and the financing of joint projects; a memorandum of understandings in the field of transportation security, the goal of which is to develop and strengthen bilateral cooperation; a cinema coproduction agreement that will establish mechanisms for bilateral cooperation on the joint production of films in order to strengthen reciprocal culture and technology links; and an agreement on the employment of diplomats' spouses.

The two leaders then met privately and with their delegations. Among the topics discussed were agricultural cooperation, a free trade area and cooperation in the fields of health and mental health.

President Poroshenko invited Prime Minister Netanyahu to visit Ukraine.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"The histories of our, the Ukrainian people and the Jewish people are intertwined for over a thousand years. It's a history that encompasses both great accomplishment, as well as enormous tragedy.

Some of Israel's greatest literary figures were born in the Ukraine, including our national poet, our Shakespeare, Hayim Nahman Bialik, who came from the Ukraine. The Nobel laureate, writer, Shai Agnon came from the Ukraine. Some of our greatest rabbis were born in the Ukraine, including Rabbi Nachman of Breslov and Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the Lubavitcher Rebbe, who I had the great privilege of knowing personally, I had many discussions with him.

Some of Israel's foremost political leaders were born in the Ukraine, including three of my successors – Prime Ministers Moshe Sharett, Levi Eshkol, and Golda Meir. And, no less important for me, the great Zionist leader Ze'ev Jabotinsky was also born in the Ukraine. He's a tremendous moral and political authority that resonates through the ages, resonates for me every day.

So, you can understand why many Israelis, like me, feel personally connected to your country. Every year tens of thousands of Israelis visit the Ukraine. Even more Ukrainians visit Israel, and that came after my government decided to cancel the visas and this was met by a similar decision by the Government of Ukraine and this led to a boom in tourism. But tourism is only one aspect of the ever-expanding relationship between our two countries. We cooperate in culture and in agriculture; in trade and investment; in science and technology; in health and medicine. And our cooperation in these and other areas, I think, brings tangible benefits to both our peoples.

Mr. President, I want to commend you personally for your resolute stance against racism and anti-Semitism. I think that this has a special meaning for us in principle, but also in relation to the large Jewish community that lives in Ukraine and for which we have special regard and warmth and close connections.

We've agreed to commemorate the 74th anniversary of the massacres of the Jews in Babi Yar, and I think that by learning the lessons of the past, we help to ensure a better future.

Finally, Mr. President, your visit comes at a special time in the Holy Land just before Christmas. I know that in the Ukrainian Orthodox Church, Christmas is celebrated according to the Julian calendar in January, but nevertheless, I want to take this opportunity to wish you and the Ukrainian people a joyous Christmas.

And you know Mr. President, in the Middle East, Israel is one of the few countries, I would even say probably the only country in which Christians can be free, can worship openly, safely, proudly. They can celebrate this important holiday and other holidays at any time with no fear. I know many Ukrainians will be celebrating Christmas along with them. I wish them all the best, and Mr. President, once again, welcome to Jerusalem."

Ukraine President Poroshenko:

"We think that our negotiations would be devoted also to the trade and economic cooperation. I'm really interested in demonstrating the progress for creating the free trade agreement between Ukraine and Israel, because this is the only way how we can create a competitive economy and how we can overcome the crisis removing all the barriers in bilateral trade, with a trade turnover between Ukraine and Israel exceeding $ 1 billion yearly. We are interested in speeding up this process and use the unique opportunity we have from the 1st of January to deepen the comprehensive agreement for free trade with European Union. I think this is a unique potential of our bilateral and multilateral relations.

We attach a special importance to developing partners relation with the Israel industry of high technology and since Israel is recognized as a world leader in the high tech.

I want to confirm that we are looking forward to seeing the Israeli delegation in the 75th anniversary of commemorating Babi Yar. We created a special committee for organizing this special commemoration to remind the whole world how important the Holocaust and the tragedy of Babi Yar are the next generations.

And I will have the pleasure to invite you and to go together to Odessa and to see the place where lots of prominent political, cultural, religious leaders of Israel were born. And, I'm interested in the Israeli participation on the highest level in commemoration of this event. I'll be looking forward seeing you at that time."