Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventtrain170915



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu dedicated the Israel Railways Ashkelon-Be'er Sheva Line. Also participating in the event were Transportation and Road Safety Minister Yisrael Katz, Chairman of the Israel Railways Board of Directors Husam Bishara, Israel Railways CEO Boaz Tzafrir and mayors and regional council heads from the south.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said:

"Since the days of the Turks, there has not been such a rail network in the country, but of a much greater scope replete with modern lines and trains that go to all parts of the country. At the same time, we are doing something unprecedented since the time of British, we are linking the country with highways.

On the way here I saw this development that you, Yisrael, are leading, in our joint policy of allocating very considerable resources. We are changing the country. We are linking the north and the south to the center. We are turning the country into one unit. This creates different socio-economic possibilities. It is absurd that in our small country one needs to travel for hours on the roads, through junctions and traffic jams.

We are eliminating this and are simply building highways in the Negev, the Galilee and the center. We are changing everything. This also finds expression in the move of the IDF to the south, with the information and communications technology units that we are moving to Be'er Sheva. This is becoming a global phenomenon.

The biggest companies in the world are coming to Be'er Sheva in order to develop businesses here, especially in the cyber sphere. But it is spreading to all other sectors as you correctly said, Yisrael, the State of Israel has a very great future here, in the Negev, in the cities that were once development towns but are now developed and which are developing very quickly.

I am pleased to see my friends here, the Mayor of Netivot and my other friends. The Negev is the new center. This is a great thing and it serves all residents of the Negev, just as this development serves all residents of Israel.

Now I want to ride with the passengers, i.e. I very much enjoyed meeting my friends, with the Transportation Minister and Israel Railways Board of Directors, who worked very hard here, and with the mayors who bear the burden and privilege of developing their communities and the area but please allow me to board the train with the passengers. I want to see them and listen to them. I want to ride together with them. I think this can go peacefully and especially with joy.

This is a very happy and welcome day for all those who have done the work. We are busy with, and will dedicate, the next line. In any case, thank you all very much, I am very moved. This is a vision that we have had for many years. I remember it since I was a soldier but it became bogged down. I said, 'Maybe one day it will be within my power to change this' and that day has arrived. It is a wonderful day. Thank you."

Prime Minister Netanyahu answered journalists' questions.

On the issue of Jerusalem:

"We attest to the fact that we decided to change the policy and declare war on those who throw stones and firebombs, shoot and riot – to simply change. This finds expression, first of all, in changing the open fire orders. A firebomb or a stone kill both within and beyond the Green Line.

Those who are murdered and maimed don't know the difference. We are going to sharpen the open fire orders; this found expression yesterday in Jerusalem. Secondly, we are going to increase punitive measures with minimum sentences. There is much debate about this and quite the uproar but the law must serve the living and not vice-versa.

I have always believed this; therefore, the law will be changed. Third, we will enact more massive fines against underage youths, against them and their families, including the forfeiture of assets if need be in order to create a new deterrence. In the State of Israel, people do not throw firebombs, or shoot at trains, or throw stones at will. Those who do so will pay a very heavy price. This is a change of policy; I suggest that you treat it accordingly. When I want something – I get it, and I want to change this situation from a to z."

On the issue of the police:

"Minister Erdan acted correctly in that he understands that this is the most important appointment he can make. If it takes a few more days and weeks, so be it. We have an excellent police. It will be even better. It needs, or requires, several changes that will be led by the new commissioner who will be appointed."

On the development of the Negev:

"The speed will be considerable, and the speed of the development will be greater still. Something is happening here. For the first time in many long years, the Negev is attracting people. Young people are coming here. They are coming to Netivot, Ofakim, Sderot, Be'er Sheva, Dimona and Yerucham."

On the cyber park:

"This cyber park is a global growth engine. One must understand this – it is a global growth engine. The global economy grows with the Internet. One cannot grow the Internet without protecting it. The State of Israel is one of the two leading Internet powers in the world, and this is not an exaggeration.

Investments in cyber start-ups in 2014 were 20% of global investments. Investment in cyber in Israel in 2014 was 10% of global investment – 50 times the size of Israel. According to the latest data, investments in 2015 have doubled. Israel is now receiving 20% of global cyber investments.

This is amazing; something very big is happening here. We are seeing the results of what I have just said and they will be seen throughout the State of Israel, but first of all here in the Negev because we moved the cyber units of the State of Israel to Be'er Sheva and the area. We are encouraging the business engine that the IDF-trained cyber people are capable of developing. Nothing is speeding things up in or strengthening the entire area like this because it also requires additional services and industries, new employment and new growth. There is good news here for the State of Israel."

On the transferring of the training base cluster to the Negev:

"I intervened when the government, my previous government, halted the budget for transferring the IDF to the south. I must tell you that on that same day I decided to fire the minister concerned. The very next day I made sure the money was transferred.

I have no intention of firing anybody at the moment but I definitely intend to transfer the money. Because the transfer of the IDF to the south along with the transfer of information and communications technology units, together with the enormous endeavor [to expand] transportation routes - all of these things catapult the Negev forward on a scale previously unknown, and I do not intend to stop it for even one day. It will be on-time. It will be ahead of time."

On the issue of the White House:

"I have heard for months from all kinds of experts and commentators who contended that the struggle which we led against the Iranian nuclear deal could lead to a cut-off, a collapse in relations with the United States. I never understood why the sovereign State of Israel, which represents the Jewish People, cannot lead a fight against a nuclear agreement with a country that declares its intention to destroy us.

I think this is not only my right, it is my duty to point out these dangers, and this not only does not harm the State of Israel, it serves the State of Israel, because all parties in the United States, including those who supported the agreement, say, 'We certainly have to resist Iranian aggression; we certainly should strengthen the State of Israel'. Of course this is also reflected in the words spoken by President Obama and Secretary Kerry whom I spoke with yesterday.

It is clear that there was no such collapse in our relations, and there can be no such collapse in our relations. And, therefore, I think it best that all of these experts be a bit more modest. I think I know how to navigate the relations of the State of Israel, how to safeguard our country, and we are safeguarding it - against external threats, on its borders. There is a security fence along the Egyptian border.

And we all know what would happen to the State of Israel and to its development had I not insisted on building it. We are developing the country, building railroads, paving roads, developing cyber, developing the future, while at the same time maintaining our security, our borders and our relations with the best of our friends, the United States."