Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart150215

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today made the following remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting: "Extremist Islamic terrorism has struck Europe again, this time in Denmark. We send our condolences to the Danish people and to the Jewish community in Denmark. Jews have been murdered again on European soil only because they were Jews and this wave of terrorist attacks – including murderous anti-Semitic attacks – is expected to continue. Of course, Jews deserve protection in every country but we say to Jews, to our brothers and sisters: Israel is your home. We are preparing and calling for the absorption of mass immigration from Europe. I would like to tell all European Jews and all Jews wherever they are: 'Israel is the home of every Jew.' Today we will submit to the Cabinet a NIS 180 million plan to encourage the absorption of immigrants from France, Belgium and Ukraine. We will submit additional plans later. To the Jews of Europe and to the Jews of the world I say that Israel is waiting for you with open arms.

Today we will also submit to the Cabinet a decision to boost Israel's strength in the cyber field. Cyber threats can paralyze nations. This is a strategic threat that can paralyze and hurt no less than other threats in various fields and we must be prepared to for it on the national and international levels. In addition to setting up a cyber bureau, which we did several years ago, today I am submitting to the Cabinet a proposal to establish a national authority to oversee national cyber defense in the civilian sector. The cyber field is a dynamic one. We need professional agencies in this field, that are committed to this field that deal only with this field, and which constitute links to the other agencies that deal with this field, some partially and some fully. Israel is a cyber power. Our goal is to further develop our capabilities in this field which is essential to the security and future of Israel."
