Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventkerry221015

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met in Berlin, with United States Secretary of State John Kerry. The following are Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks:"I want to thank you and the United States for condemning the terrorist attacks against Israel, for standing up for Israel’s right of self-defense, and also for standing up for Israel in UNESCO. All of that is deeply appreciated. Yesterday was a tough day. We had four terrorist attacks. This morning began with an attack in which two terrorists tried to murder a bus full of school children. There’s no question that this wave of attacks is driven directly by incitement. Incitement from Hamas. Incitement from the Islamist movement in Israel and incitement, I’m sorry to say, from President Abbas and the Palestinian Authority. I think it’s time for the international community to say clearly to President Abbas: Stop spreading lies about Israel. Lies that Israel wants to change the status quo on the temple mount, lies that Israel wants to tear down the al-Aqsa Mosque and lies that Israel is executing Palestinians. All that is false. We remain committed to the status quo. We’re the ones that protect all the holy sites. And Israel is acting to protect its citizens as any democracy would in the face of such wanton and relentless attacks. To generate hope, we have to stop the terrorism. To stop the terrorism, we have to stop the incitement. And I think it’s time that the international community told President Abbas to stop the incitement and hold him accountable for his words and his deeds."

Well, Mr. Prime Minister, thank you. I’m happy to be here, to meet with you.

We have to stop the incitement. We have to stop the violence. And I think it’s critical, obviously, this conversation that you and I will have is very important to settle on the steps that would be taken that take us beyond the condemnation, beyond the rhetoric.

It is absolutely critical to end all incitement, end all violence, and to find a road forward to build the possibility that is not there today for a larger process.

So we have to go steps. But today we, you and I, can really rekindle that process. We’ve been at this. We know each other well. I believe we have the ability to make a difference. And that’s what I came here to do. And I hope in this conversation we can make progress.

I talked with King Abdallah yesterday. I’ve talked to President Abbas. I believe people want this to de-escalate. So, let’s go to work and see what we can do.
