Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventtaxes030915



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon today announced tax reductions.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"An economy grows on low taxes. An economy with high taxes does not grow. It is worthwhile to neither work, invest nor consume. Therefore, in order to encourage growth, I have decided – along with Finance Minister Kahlon – to lower taxes and reduce VAT to 17% and the companies tax to 25%. We can do this because state coffers have accumulated billions in tax surpluses and instead of keeping them in the treasury, we have decided to return them to you, citizens of Israel, and to businesses in the State of Israel. I say this simply: I have full confidence in you, citizens of Israel, and I am certain that you will see fit to use this supplement much better than all of the government's officials, as talented as they may be. We believe in you. We believe in a free economy. We believe in initiative and we believe in freedom. I think that this will help growth. I think that this will give the exact encouragement that the economy needs. At a time when we hear of a global slowdown, we want a growth engine and lower taxes is one of them."

Finance Minister Kahlon:

"As we reported in recent months, billions in surpluses have accumulated in state coffers. This money has come from citizens and we intend to return it to them. This money has come from ramified business activity in the economy. It also came from accelerated work by the Tax Authority. The intention is to return it two ways, by lowering VAT – an indirect tax – to 17% and by lowering the companies tax to 25% from the start of 2016.

If there are additional surpluses the Prime Minister and I intend to continue this trend of lowering taxes and returning the money to the public. But if, Heaven forbid, we encounter a slowdown or a significant reduction in tax revenues we will need to carry out a correction and the correction will consist of supplementary measures that could restore the previous situation. According to the Accountant General's forecasts, in the next two years the debt-to-GDP ratio is expected to decline. Lowering VAT and the companies tax will lead to increased growth, increased growth will lower the debt, and increased growth will lead to a reduction in the deficit.

We are taking this move under full control and we are on top of the situation. In recent days and weeks there has been much talk about the need to increase growth. The move that we are taking today is a practical step to encourage growth. We are doing so by increasing citizens' available income and, of course, by easing the companies tax. The currently high VAT is coming down. Since 2010, VAT in Israel has only gone up. Today it is starting to change direction and come down.

Yesterday we passed the state budget on its first reading. The budget includes fighting the cost-of-living, important banking reforms, separating credit cards, consumer changes in health, the pension market and in additional areas. Not only does this budget not have any decrees, it significantly expands civilian budgets which amount to almost NIS 15 billion. I am proud of the steps that we have taken today and am hopeful regarding additional positive measures in the future."