Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventethio040515



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this afternoon, held an expanded, three hour, discussion on the main problems affecting Israelis of Ethiopian descent as have found expression in the recent demonstrations in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv. Ethiopian community representatives, including those who had taken part in the recent demonstrations, raised their main claims and requests. It was subsequently decided that:

1. In the coming weeks, a draft comprehensive plan, which has been drawn up over the past year, and which will address some of the problems, will be submitted for a Cabinet decision.

2. The Prime Minister's Office will coordinate monitoring of the implementation of the plan. The Prime Minister will chair a ministerial committee that will monitor implementation of the plan and advance solutions for other issues.

3. The Israel Police will evaluate the claims of Israelis of Ethiopian descent regarding discrimination and will act to eradicate such phenomena.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said, "We must all line up against racism, condemn it and work to eradicate it. The ministerial committee that I will chair will advance plans to resolve problems in education, housing, culture, religion, employment and in other areas."

Attending the discussion were: Interior Minister Gilad Erdan; Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch; Immigrant and Aliyah Absorption Minister Sofa Landver; Construction Minister Uri Ariel; Economy Minister and Religious Services Minister Naftali Bennett; Deputy Kiryat Gat Mayor Shlomit Sahelo; the director-general of representatives of organizations of Israelis of Ethiopian descent, Kes Avihu Azaryah, MK Avraham Neguisa; former MK Penina Tamanu-Shatta; former MK Shimon Salomon; Israel Police Commissioner Insp.-Gen. Yohanan Danino; Israel Prison Service Commissioner Insp.-Gen. Aharon Franco; Deputy Attorney General Raz Nazeri; Prime Minister's Office Director General Harel Locker, Cabinet Secretary Avichai Mandelblit; senior government officials; and Ethiopian community organization representatives.