Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokebusiness310815



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ordered the establishment of a professional team composed of the director generals of the Prime Minister's Office, the Finance Ministry and the Economy Ministry, as well as the President of the Manufacturers Association, in order to examine and improve the manufacturing climate in Israel.

At a special meeting convened by Prime Minister Netanyahu, along with Economy Minister Aryeh Deri, Manufacturers Association President Shraga Brosh and senior industrialists from all sectors, the main impediments, which have led to a sharp decline in the establishment of new factories in Israel as well as the increase in the number of Israeli factories producing outside of Israel, were presented.

Manufacturers Association President Brosh presented the cost of manufacturing in Israel, regulatory impediments and the shortage of technical and professional workers. The influence of the decline in manufacturing and imports on growth was discussed. The industrialists expressed concerns over the influence of government policy on encouraging imports and the hostile atmosphere for Israeli industry.

Prime Minister Netanyahu ordered the establishment of the aforesaid team in order to lead a policy of improving the business climate in Israel. Economy Minister Deri announced the allocation of NIS 40 million for professional training, in cooperation with the Manufacturers Association, to be run by the Employment Service.

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Israeli industry is one of the Israeli economy's most significant growth engines. I have defined a clear goal: To increase growth in order to strengthen the Israeli economy. We will encourage growth. We will strengthen and assist industrialists in order to boost the Israeli economy and benefit Israeli citizens."

Economy Minister Deri: "The Israeli economy is currently in need of assistance so that it will be able to create jobs and this is what we are doing."

Manufacturers Association President Brosh: "The main problem of Israeli industry is the atmosphere that affects decision-making. We are determined to create a better business climate in order to encourage new and competitive industries and strengthen existing industries – inter alia – by reducing manufacturing costs, having the most favorable tax rates in the world and significantly increasing the supply of technical workers."