Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventhanukkah071215



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu lit the second Chanukah candle with soldiers of the IDF Duvdevan unit. Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, IDF Deputy Chief-of-Staff Maj.-Gen. Yair Golan, Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Lior Carmeli and Duvdevan Commander Col. K also attended the ceremony.

Prime Minister Netanyahu told the Duvdevan soldiers:

"Happy Chanukah to you all.

My grandfather came to Jaffa in 1920. Several months later [in May 1921], Arab rioters burned the Jewish immigration office where he had gone. They murdered several Jews there including famed author Yosef Chaim Brenner. I note that year as the start of the armed struggle against Zionism; we are approaching 100 years.

There has always been terrorism. There were also direct military attacks against us and there are also considerable military threats against us, less by regular armies and more by missiles, but the terrorist threat is constant. The threat of terrorism comes in waves and we have repelled those waves, and we are still in the midst of this wave.

You are at the forefront of the war against the current wave. Your ability to go into the villages, communities and homes is a most important capability for the security of Israel. The vast majority is not a suicidal majority. The circle of those willing to commit suicide is limited. The circle of attackers is considerably larger and the ability to reach, apprehend, exact a price, take and if need be to foil or kill – this capability is cardinal for our defense. We cannot defend ourselves against the evil if we cannot fight it. You are a central component of the ability of the State of Israel and of the people of Israel to defend against the enemy.

This is an ancient heritage and our people have proven its mighty abilities, even today it does so. Previously, I discussed this in the limited forum that I attended in Paris and the leaders of the nations of the world were interested in our abilities in the struggle against radical Islam and against the terrorism that it gives rise to. In effect, I would say the 'laboratory', if it is possible to say so, this is what is happening here with you, only we know that these are not laboratory conditions.

I think that the Defense Minister and I recognize very well the fact that in the field one needs a level head, daring and meticulous planning, and who but you know do not plan exactly the way you would like. Many times it does not go as planned and, therefore, one must become acclimatized into language and culture, in addition to all of the operational requirements. Therefore, as far as I am concerned, this unit is among the top elite units, not of the State of Israel but in the world.

I want you to know that the people of Israel are proud of you and we all owe you our gratitude.

Happy Chanukah to you all."

Defense Minister Yaalon said:

"I am impressed with every visit here. The capabilities that we see here are very impressive and attest to the fact that the sky is the limit for you. We will also defeat this wave of terrorism, thanks greatly to you. The ability to reach into the darkness, into the heart of the neighborhoods, and stop the terrorists at their point of origin is what you do day and night. Each one of you is a small light and together as a unit, you are a great light."

Before the candle-lighting ceremony, Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Yaalon were briefed on the unit's capabilities and recent actions in Judea and Samaria, as well it its anticipated future actions. They also observed the unit's unique equipment. They also spoke with unit commanders and soldiers about the challenges of undercover soldiers in the face of the wave of Palestinian terrorism.