Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speecheshkol270715

-Translation-

I told you a few minutes ago, Mr. Speaker, in the presence of Levi Eshkol's family, that I welcome this special session. Each year, almost without exception, I attend the Memorial Ceremony for Levi Eshkol and the more I learn about his work and actions, I have a renewed appreciation for his significant contributions to the growth, security and development of the State of Israel, and for his wisdom, which you mentioned in your speech. I think that Eshkol's legacy should be taught to all house members, all those who assume leadership roles in the State of Israel, and to our young and renewing generations because they set an example and lead the way in many ways. Levi Eshkol believed that Israel's revival was dependent on several elements, including a return to the soil, the creation of a modern economy and the bolstering of our strength. And in each of these fields he left an impression on generations to come. First, the soil – as someone whose roots are in the Degania Bet group, from the Mandate period, Eshkol purchased tillable soil on behalf of the Jewish National Fund. At the same time, he also initiated the establishment of our familiar water company, the national water company "Mekorot". He had a real and great passion for reviving of the land of Israel, and that also made him the architect of the settlement during the first years of the State of Israel. He raised the necessary resources for the establishment of dozens of communities – I believe the number exceeded 300 communities – and these naturally became the home of many immigrants from different parts of the world. Second, Eshkol made a decisive contribution to the development of our modern economy. He served as the Minister of Finance for 11 years, and Minister Kahlon, pay attention: 11 years, through the power of coal, this coal mine – this is not easy. And as usual, there were a great many needs and limited resources. Nonetheless, he made impressive accomplishments in improving the balance of payments, economic growth and raising the standard of living for the country's inhabitants. I say "he had", but it was a significant collective effort carried out by the government and public, entrepreneurs, investors and citizens. But in the end, he had made a systemic contribution, for over a decade, at a crucial time for the growth of the Israeli economy. What he did was very unique; we should understand the magnitude of the action from the perspective of the times. The State of Israel was founded as a country with a centralized economy. There was free entrepreneurship but it was limited. It was limited by an entangled network of government supervision, and perhaps that was necessary at the beginning, but in the 1960s, the reins should have been loosened. And to a large extent, Eshkol was the first who did so. After him Pinchas Sapir continued this work. I met quite a number of Israeli and Jewish industrialists who were convinced by Eshkol to invest in Israel. He told them, "Leave it to me, I will solve the bureaucratic problem for you". As stated, Sapir followed his example, and indeed he acted accordingly. Meaning, he would maneuver within the limits, clearing a path, placing an explosive at times if necessary to clear the path in the entanglements of bureaucracy for one investor or another. These things had significant consequences because important factories were established which were important both financially and in terms of developing certain areas. Today Kiryat Gat seems close, it is indeed close due to the highway that was constructed, but it was far away then. I give this as one example, but there are many others. Today, naturally, we do not want to blow up the entanglements of bureaucracy in order to clear paths; we want to lower the financial barriers while building security fences, fences around the country, but not within the country. Now with regard to security, which is the third topic, I had said previously that Eshkol held a plow in one hand and a dagger in the other. He was a member of the Jewish Legion and of the Haganah, and naturally he took part in security missions during the War of Independence. He made a significant contribution to mobilizing weapons, equipment and personnel, and to establishing the IDF. A central principle that guided his policy as Prime Minister and Minister of Defense was ensuring the strengthening of the IDF and achieving strong and efficient deterrence. In his contacts with then-President of the United States, Lyndon Johnson, Eshkol persisted that Israel wished to rely on its own strength in matters of security: We should, first and foremost, rely on ourselves. I think he played an important part in convincing Johnson to act to this end; he supplied the IDF with modern weapons, mostly tanks and fighter planes. Eshkol was the Prime Minister during the Six Day War, and his political wisdom laid the foundation for the IDF's sweeping victory, which is our greatest victory in modern times. Settlement, economy, security – these are the significant tasks which Levi Eshkol took upon himself in his public mission. But it should be said that he had already made many accomplishments when he assumed his role as Prime Minister. I think it was not easy to walk in Ben Gurion's shoes, as you mentioned, or implied, Mr. Speaker. However Levi Eshkol did not walk in David Ben Gurion's shoes, he walked in his own shoes. He had his own unique style of leadership, which he also developed. He wanted to encourage an atmosphere of national reconciliation, calm internal tensions, strengthen unity in the nation. I remember the impression he made on me as a young boy, when in 1964 he decided to bring Ze'ev Jabotinsky's remains for burial in Israel, in accordance with his will. His compliance with the requests made by the Herut party, the late Menachem Begin and Jabotinsky's family, was an expression of his tendency to find the broadest common denominator among the people. And this important decision contributed to discussions of a more moderate nature between the political camps, without unnecessary hatred, without automatic dismissal. Such things were foreign to Eshkol, it was simply not in his nature. But this spirit also paved the way for the formation of a National Likud government three years later, on the eve of the Six Day War. Eshkol took another conciliatory step: the abolition of the military rule to which the Arabs in Israel had been subjected since the War of Independence. Eshkol was a bright man, full of Yiddishkeit and humanity. He was full of wisdom and humor; he knew how to mobilize people who had different opinions to a single cause. I met several leaders, our leaders, who took various positions and were younger than Eshkol, and he would put his hand on their shoulder and say, "Yungerman, take advice from an older Jew", or some other saying of that sort. He usually tended to spice things up with rich Yiddish humor. He used to say, "I compromise and compromise until I achieve what I want". He compromised on means, but not on principles or goals.Given the current radicalization in our region, it is worth mentioning what Levi Eshkol said about the radicalization that prevailed then. He emphasized that we had to form, and I quote, "a mighty deterrence force, which will turn the dream of aggression against Israel into a dangerous illusion for its supporters". He conducted himself with discretion and was not carried away in moments of tension and menace. He vehemently insisted on Israel's vital interests, and assured the IDF's level of readiness. And certainly, the great victory of the Six Day War proved there was a reward for his efforts. The high point of the war was the removal of the chokehold on Israel, but certainly above all, the reunification of our capital, Jerusalem. When Jordan joined the war against Israel, Eshkol approved the seizure of the Old City. Imagine that Jerusalem and its walls would be divided today, as well as the Golan Heights, which he also ordered to attack. Imagine radical Islamic extremists standing on the walls of Jerusalem today. Any person of sound mind would understand the grave consequences this would have on us, and therefore Jerusalem must remain united under Israeli sovereignty, because now we can apprehend lawbreakers and extremists. We cannot prevent extremism, radicalism and blood lust in our region. We can only use our capabilities to maintain the resistance to these forces – Eshkol understood this very well. Let us not be mistaken, he was a man of peace, he extended his hand in peace to our neighbors, but at the same time he possessed a gift of foresight. He had understood that "we should never accept," as he said, "any blockade, siege, boycott or aggression". He said this in the Knesset after the war. Eshkol did not deny the threats nor did he embellish them, and we should act similarly.You probably heard in the past few days that Assad and Nasrallah have been celebrating the billions of dollars which they know are now on the way from Iran to their terror machine, thanks to the Vienna agreement. Khamenei continues to threaten the United States. His senior advisor announced yesterday that there will be no inspections of the nuclear facilities, regardless of what the Vienna agreement says. This agreement gives international legitimization to Iran arming itself with nuclear weapons in the future and its continuing aggression in the present – the aggression of the largest terrorist state in the world. It is better not to have any agreement than to have this bad agreement. Ladies and gentlemen, Levi Eshkol was an accomplished leader, a man of vision and execution, a human being, an eminent and important leader of Israel who ushered the country to many accomplishments. We shall remember his contribution, his meaningful contribution to our people. We shall cherish his image as a first class national leader. May his memory be blessed.
