Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechjabohar160715



On this day 75 years ago, Ze'ev Jabotinsky passed away. My father, may he rest in peace, was one of his pallbearers, but we all carry his legacy. Jabotinsky did not live to see the establishment of the State of Israel, which was founded eight years after his death. However, when the state was established many knew we owed Jabotinsky a huge debt. Jan Smuts, a strong supporter of Zionism who participated several years earlier in peace conferences held after WWI alongside Balfour, Lord George and other Zionist leaders, said, "It was Jabotinsky's fighters who brought the Jewish state into the world".

Here, on Mount Herzl, Jabotinsky's burial place lies adjacent to the burial sites of our heroes who fell in Israel's wars. A line of heroism and sacrifice connects them, as Jabotinsky was the one who forged the foundations for the combat tradition of our youth over the last hundred years. It was one of his significant innovations.

Though the need to form security organizations for the persecuted nation and particularly for the Jewish inhabitants of the land of Israel had been discussed beforehand, it was Jabotinsky who practically and systematically promoted the idea of a Hebrew army for the first time and linked it to a comprehensive international process that would lead to the establishment of a sovereign and strong Jewish state.

At the same time, he warned of the destruction facing the Jews in Europe, a catastrophe as he called it in his famous speech in Warsaw in 1938, unless a defense force was to be established as part of of a sovereign state. Some people accused him of panicking because of his warnings. Some blamed him for militarism because of his call to establish a Jewish army. In reality, as a preeminent liberal and humanist, Jabotinsky was far from supporting a belligerent militarism per se, or possessing blood lust. He wrote, "Our prophets were the first to protest against the custom of mass killings, and we all follow their example. None of us has any intention to create a generation that will be thirsty for war".

There is such large gap between his views and the blood lust of the radical Islamic organizations that slaughter thousands and tens of thousands around us. According to Jabotinsky, the required force was meant to oppose tyranny, to deter and clarify to our neighbors that a free nation stood before them, one with a protective sword in its hand. He thought that this requirement would be needed for a very long time. Jabotinsky knew that a homeland is not handed over as a gift – only a country able to fight its enemies and thus control its destiny can guarantee its right of existence.

Ladies and gentlemen, Jabotinsky's greatness is not just embodied by his original thoughts and fertile ideas. He also set a personal example by implementing his ideas. He was a pillar of fire lighting the way for our people. When pogroms were unleashed against the Jews in Eastern Europe, he trained self-defense groups over there. At the outset of World War I, he joined Trumpeldor in the effort to form Hebrew corps. The first battalion, The Mule Corps, was engaged in transportation on the Gallipoli front, but Jabotinsky did not give up, keep quiet or rest until battalions of Hebrew fighters, of actual fighters, were formed.

And this moment, for which he was responsible more than anyone else, was a revolutionary turning point in our history. Generations later, a regular combat force had risen from within our people. The fighters in the corps recreated the glory of the past, and added new links in the Jewish chain of heroism, which is thousands years old. At the end of the war, the battalions had been dismantled and Jabotinsky then turned to the next challenge – the Haganah organization in Jerusalem which operated to stop the Arab riots. The legacy that he nurtured and bequeathed to our people, of resistance to submission and subjugation, was passed to the underground organizations which fought for our independence and subsequently to the IDF.

Jabotinsky said, "For centuries, the nations of the world had been used to hearing that Jews were defeated here, and Jews were protected there," – either defeated or protected – "and it is difficult to decide what was more humiliating: the defeats or being protected. It is time to show the world a Jewish rifle with a Jewish bayonet". And to that Jabotinsky added another key dimension, which is known as the principle of the "Iron Wall" – an ongoing military might which grows stronger. This was an uncompromising belief in the justness of Zionism. This would clarify to our neighbors that we would not yield to their aggression. Our continuing strength and resilience would lead them to eventually reconcile with our existence, and sooner or later turn them to the path of peace; and in any case it would guarantee our existence.

Ladies and gentlemen, Jabotinsky's doctrine proves to be relevant even with the passage of time. His predictions were realized; his prophecies came true. The dangers of which he warned, namely the Holocaust, were realized in a horrific way. This historic lesson must serve as a warning sign. We should never underestimate the threats made by our enemies. We must be prepared to act determinedly against the dangers posed to our people.

The fire raging through the Middle East is approaching our borders. Iran, which calls for our destruction, won a dream deal this week, but it does not abandon its aspiration to develop the bomb for a moment, while at the same time it continues to fuel its terror machine and spread destruction and death over vast areas. The extreme Sunni camp, led by ISIS, Al-Qaida, Jabhat al-Nusra and others, also aspires to gain control over the Middle East and then, according to their hallucinatory views, over the entire world. Based on the "Iron Wall" concept, we continue to develop our defense force against those who wish us harm.

We will not recoil, even from the absurdity that unfolds in front of our eyes. Iran, the leading supporter of terrorism in the world, gets far-reaching relief from the international community, while Israel, the most threatened country in the world, is blamed by certain circles for expressing its honest concerns about an agreement that undermines its security. Despite this reversal of roles, we will continue to act as before, to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. Should our enemies attempt to harm the State of Israel and its citizens, they will bear the consequences. At the same time, we will continue to build our country and advance its growth and prosperity.

Jabotinsky's doctrine will continue to feed the flame of Zionism and guide our path in honor and glory. May his and his wife Yohana's memories be blessed.