Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmatot200415



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday ahead of

the State of Israel's 67th Independence Day

, held a series of meetings with the IDF General Staff, Mossad, ISA, National Cyber Bureau and Atomic Energy Commission forums.

At the ISA forum, led by Yoram Cohen, Prime Minister Netanyahu noted the ISA's significant contribution to the security of the country, as well as the hundreds counter-terrorist actions it carried out over the past year that saved many lives. He pointed out the professionalism, creativity, incisiveness and dedication of Isa personnel and said, "Your determination has saved many lives and for that I and the citizens of the State of Israel thank you."

At his meeting with the Mossad staff, Prime Minister Netanyahu praised those who received citations, who are selected annually on Independence Day. Mossad Director Tamir Pardo awarded the citations for unique and daring actions that featured pioneering initiatives, creative thinking and heroism and courage.

The Mossad director's citation for heroism and courage was awarded to a veteran fighter who acted at the most significant junctions and was party to pioneering operations. He advanced operations with great success while showing resourcefulness and bravery and at personal risk.

The Mossad director's citation for pioneering action was awarded to the main actions in various fields such as gathering strategic intelligence, an impressive human intelligence operation and various unique operations outside the borders of the state.

The Mossad director's citation for creative thinking was awarded to the main actions in various fields such as innovative technological activity that led to significant cyber intelligence achievements and the development of unique and innovative systems that improved he Mossad's ability to deal with new threats and challenges.

Mossad Director Pardo also awarded certificates of appreciation to units that significantly contributed to the activities of the organization. A certificate was awarded for an operation that gathered intelligence on the disappearance of Jews who emigrated from Iran in the 1990's.