Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechdavid181115

- Translation -David Ben-Gurion carried a large burden on his shoulders. He combined vision and deeds and made critical decisions at historic junctions. With his keen perception, he understood what the people needed and demanded they be ready for the national revival enterprise. Ben-Gurion did not just see what was already in front of him. He foresaw the future especially in his role as prime minister. He could identify our vital interests, thwart threats and act to safeguard our existence and future. Ben-Gurion proclaimed Israel's independence despite the warnings and the heavy pressure from home and abroad not to do so. He determined that Jerusalem would be our official capital and strongly rejected the proposals to declare it an international city. Though Ben-Gurion was not always right – not all his instructions stood the test of time – there is no doubt that these missed opportunities are insignificant compared to his prodigious activities to revive Jewish independence and sovereignty, build Israeli democracy, instill the notion of statehood in all aspects of life, advance settlement, Aliyah, education and the economy, strengthen the role played by spirituality in our national life and connect the People of the Book to the book, to the Bible. But before all else, Ben-Gurion realized that the essence of sovereignty is the ability to defend yourself, your people. That is why he bolstered the strength of the Shin Bet, Mossad, security services and police, because of our enemies' continuous effort to uproot us from our land.These are crucial days for the free world, which is facing acute threats to its values and to peace. Israel is an integral part of the free world. In many ways, we act as the vanguard in fighting terrorism. Terrorism is washing over many lands and continents. Militant Islam's barbarism crosses boundaries in both the geographical and the moral sense. It is important to call this phenomenon by its name and not hide behind a barricade of political correctness. It is militant Islam that is perpetrating the horrors. Islamic fanatics are committing acts of murder everywhere they can reach. For them, we are all a target for enslavement or annihilation – children, adults, women, men, citizens, soldiers. This is what ISIS, which leads the Sunni branch of militant Islam, is doing, and this is what Iran's proxies, which lead the Shi'ite branch of militant Islam – Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad – are doing.I wish to quote something I wrote about 30 years ago. "Terrorist attacks now kill and injure not one or two, but hundreds at a time. The spread of lawlessness and the blatant disregard of any constraints by governments are, as in the thirties, gradually becoming accepted norms again. By far the most disconcerting prospect would be acquisition of weapons of mass destruction by the principal terrorist states of the Middle East, [including] Iran… These regimes pose a much greater threat to their neighbors, and to the democratic world generally, than has yet been acknowledged."Since I wrote these words in 1986, the spread of terrorism and fanaticism is getting worse. The countries of the civilized world have only one option – to comprehend the dangers, form a united front and launch a striking blow against militant Islam. This is the only way we can ensure the future of our civilization and protect it from ruination and destruction. Ben-Gurion had no illusions and neither do I – statesmanship must be linked to reality. Hope is the result of our being grounded in reality, foreseeing the future, our feet firmly on the ground. Like Ben-Gurion, we want peace. We would like to return our sword to its scabbard. But when the choice is between living by the sword or living with an Islamist sword pointing at our necks, we choose the first option. Ben-Gurion wrote in 1961, "Our safety depends on our ability to deter those who plot to destroy us, and if we do not succeed in deterring them, we will defeat them. It is only when the enemy realizes that it cannot defeat us, that we are fortifying ourselves, growing stronger and acquiring friends in all countries, we will sit in safety and achieve peace with our neighbors."Jabotinsky named this principle the Iron Wall. We also understand what Jabotinsky and Ben-Gurion understood – the Iron Wall principle is relevant now more than ever. Ben-Gurion also clearly understood the foundation of religious fanaticism in the war against Zionism. During the 1929 riots he wrote, "For a whole year the fanatic masses have been incited to believe the false claim that the holy places of Islam in Jerusalem are in danger." In this sense nothing has changed between then and now. We determinately combat this incitement, which still takes a heavy toll in human life today. This week we declared the Northern Branch of the Islamic Movement an illegal association. Those who incite violence and subvert the state in order to establish an Islamic caliphate in its stead cannot refuse to accept responsibility. A democracy must protect itself from those who wish to subsume it. We will not allow extremist parties to undermine our sovereignty and subvert our state. We do not only fight the inciters – we fight the terrorists themselves, as did Ben-Gurion through the reprisal operations and at other opportunities as well.Since the beginning of the current wave of terror a month-and-a-half ago, 84 terrorist attacks were perpetrated by 96 Palestinian terrorists, 89 of whom were killed or arrested – nearly all of them. We do not hesitate to enter the neighborhoods, villages and cities in which they hide. Immunity for terrorists cannot be permitted and by the same token their actions cannot be justified. In this matter we should stop blaming ourselves – the victims are not guilty, the murderers are guilty. Our hand is extended in peace, but this hand should not hold a whip of self-recrimination. As Ben-Gurion believed, we too believe in the justness of our path. We have been fighting murderous tides of terror instigated by our enemies for nearly 100 years. We are not to blame for the terrorism perpetrated against us just as the people of France are not to blame for the terrorism perpetrated against them. It is one thing that they blame us and not the terrorists for the terrorism that is directed against us, but the greater absurdity is that they blame us for the terrorism directed against the French. That was evident from the Swedish Foreign Minister's remarks this week – such blindness.Militant Islam publicly declares its intention to demolish Europe, "the Crusader kingdom" as it calls it, and to establish an Islamic caliphate on its ruins. And there are those in Europe who blame the Jews or link this with the Jews. This same shortcoming led the European Union to enact the shameful decision to label Israeli products last week. Instead of combatting what transpires in Europe or Syria or Iran, there are those in the European Union who decide to excoriate the Jewish state and ignore the other 200 territorial conflicts around the world. And this is happening in Europe, where Jewish businesses were marked only eight decades ago. Happily, there are also other voices in Europe, and certainly there are completely different voices in the United States, with whom our friendship is steadfast, has been steadfast and will grow stronger – as well as other voices in other countries. Ben-Gurion believed, as he wrote and I quoted here, in ties and alliances with other countries. He believed in ties with Asia and we are fulfilling his vision today on a large scale. We are developing our ties with India, China and Japan – large countries that genuinely admire Israel as a technological power. We are developing ties with countries in Latin America and Africa, and even in the Middle East there are those who understand the situation well – the same situation that some in Europe refuse to see – that Israel is a desirable ally in fighting Islamic terrorism, and I would say a highly desirable friend. A year ago we dedicated Ben-Gurion's renovated and impressive shack here in Kibbutz Sde Boker. I am proud that the heritage sites program which I introduced played a part in this important project and assisted in its realization. Ben-Gurion cultivated the vision of developing the Negev as a national objective from this shack. I share Ben-Gurion's vision and I am determined to implement it. Ben-Gurion laid its foundations and we are adding new layers to it. The central idea in my vision for the Negev is to integrate massive government investment in infrastructures with the encouragement of entrepreneurship and businesses – profitable businesses, not subsidized, those that operate on their own.We are investing in roads, trains, a new airport in Timna. We will connect Eilat to the center of the country with a fast train, and this will have a dramatic effect on the development of the entire region. We are relocating the IDF bases to the south, building the IDF bases compound and above all – I say above all of this, and all this is already a lot – we are transferring the IDF Computer Services Directorate to Ben-Gurion University. This is the beating heart of the global engine. Just a 100 meters from the academy and the 8200 Unit, in Ben-Gurion University, we constructed a cyber park and the major global companies are coming to Beersheba, to the Negev. We are transforming Beersheba into a world cyber center. The capital of the Negev is constantly growing, as are many other cities in the south. My vision is that half a million citizens will reside in Beersheba in 12 years – this will happen. Ben-Gurion saw in the revival of the Negev a direct connection to our forefathers who settled there thousands of years ago: "Then Abraham set out and continued toward the Negev." We add new links to this chain with which Ben-Gurion was fully familiar. Ben-Gurion's dream of a populated, prospering Negev is coming true in front of our eyes, but it is not limited to just this dream. A few weeks ago I met the President of Russia, Putin, in Moscow. I went there to discuss the implications of the Russian presence in Syria. At the end of the meeting President Putin surprised me and handed me a letter written by Ben-Gurion, which the Government of Russia had acquired at public auction. I keep the letter in my office. Ben-Gurion wrote in October 1970, "The difficult economic situation in the country is the result of a lack of security and the danger of war. I remain hopeful", he adds, "that immigration will increase because we need five, six million more Jews." Today, standing at Ben-Gurion's final resting place, I declare that we have reached this goal. Israel's population comprises eight million citizens, over six million of whom are Jews. Soon we will reach 10 million with a GNP of half a trillion dollars. This will also happen. On this day, in this place, we came to say that we will continue to realize Ben-Gurion's vision, defend our country, develop our land and safeguard our future. May David and Paula Ben-Gurion's memories be blessed.
