Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzeliya090615

- Translation -Our region is awash in threats and challenges, but it also presents us with several considerable opportunities, and I will speak of them. One of these opportunities I just saw with my own eyes in the form of Eric Schmidt. I just came from a meeting with him. Eric Schmidt told me that Israel is a global digital powerhouse, and this was said by a significant investor. This is not someone just interested in a 15 million dollar startup. He told me there is nowhere else like Israel in the world, nothing like it, that something great is happening here. But he said some other things that I won't repeat here.

Therefore, our mission is first of all to establish these strengths, both to repel threats and to strengthen our country, to grow it, to give it the capabilities that will provide us with better, safer lives, but also because if Israel is strong, it can not only survive in this tough environment in which we live, but also eventually to make peace.

Israel's strength is expressed in many, many fields, but today there can be no security or political strength without economic strength. That is why one of the missions I have taken on during my tenure as Prime Minister is to strengthen Israel's economy, to transform it from a closed, concentrated economy to an open economy, an economy that can compete in the global arena. This is not the forum to detail all the things that brought Israel over recent years to a situation in which it surpassed the per capita income of all the neighboring countries in the Mediterranean region, and I mean European countries.

We did all these things – from opening up the currency through the reforms in the capital market to the removal of obstacles to competition and many dozens more reforms – but there is still much to do in the fields of housing and the cost of living. All this is tied to breaking up the monopolies and creating competition, but not only that. Therefore, what I want to focus on at the outset of my remarks are the things that we can do and are currently doing in order to ensure continued growth.

Our growth averaged between four and a half, close to five percent, in the decade between 2003 and 2013. One year, 2008, during the financial crisis, our growth decreased to one percent – and we must continue this rate. In order to do this, which is so vital to our national needs – there is no security without an economy and there is no possibility of financing our security needs unless there is growth – we must continue this growth for other needs as well: in education, in welfare, in quality of life. We need to grow by five percent. This is not a forecast, it is a target.

How can we continue to grow by five percent per year when our economy is already at 35,000 GNP per capita? It is possible. There are two immediate things that every business does and a country is no different: new markets first and foremost and later new products. We are working to open new markets in Asia – there are only two and a half billion people there. Over the past year and a half, two years, I visited China and Japan. The Prime Minister of Japan visited here. Senior Chinese officials visited here. What is just as important, and perhaps even more so, businesspeople from these countries come here at an increasing pace. Trade is increasing and investments are increasing.

There is another country, an important one, which is opening to us very rapidly, and that is India. The Prime Minister of India and I met last year at the UN. I can tell you that after the last elections, immediately after the elections… no, when he was elected, Modi, I wanted to congratulate him. He took my call. I think it was an hour and forty minutes after the election results were announced. I presume there was a long line. When I was elected, or rather when the elections results were announced, he tweeted in Hebrew, "Congratulations to my friend, Bibi" – in Hebrew.

Look, we have a friendly relationship going back years, that's true, but something else is happening here. Recently when the IDF sent the second largest delegation in the world to Nepal – it was the IDF who rescued Nepalese children from the ruins and also helped at the births of other children – the largest delegation was from India and they also helped us rescue Israelis and allowed us to land our planes. I called him and told him, "I want to thank you." He said, "I want to thank you. The partnership between India and Israel is an example of brotherhood between nations." That's what he said. And then he added, "You know, I have…" The four color revolution, he called it. Green is agriculture, white is dairy, blue is water and, if I am not mistaken, yellow is solar, etc. He said, "For each of the layers of the revolution that I intend to bring to India, cooperation with Israel is crucial." That's what he said, crucial. Well, that is the basis for long-term personal friendship.

New markets: You need to get a tiny share of huge markets in order to provide momentum for growth. Because we need to add to our three, three and a half percent an additional percent and a half – that's the minimum and it is from markets.

Now, as to new products, the most important product we are currently developing, and we are investing government funds in it every year – although no one pays attention to this product – and it is cyber security. The most dynamic part of the global economy, the one that is increasing geometrically, is the internet economy, all parts of it. I will not detail it right now, but this tiger is surging upwards and it cannot charge ahead without solving at least some of the cyber security problems. I set a target that we would be among the top three leading countries in this field – and we are.

I once studied at an American school called MIT. I lived on campus and across the street, only ten meters away there was a building that looked like a huge, ugly warehouse with opaque windows covered with bars. I didn't understand it because next to it were wonderful houses built by the architect I.M. Pei and other things, and here was this ugly building. So I asked what it was and I was told it was the CIA or the NSA. That was the first time I heard those acronyms. They put the NSA in MIT, state security and academia, and out of that grew Route 128, 495. This was the first Silicon Valley. The exact same thing was duplicated in Palo Alto with Stanford.

I thought it wasn't a bad idea. We will take our telecommunications units – it's not just about moving IDF units to the south, although that is obvious – but to move the telecommunications units to the south and the Cyber Bureau that we established and put them in Ben-Gurion University and open an industrial park right near it. They are only 200 meters apart. Now the largest companies in this field from around the world are there, and it is expanding very rapidly. The largest companies in the world are coming to the Negev. It is Ben-Gurion's vision with a certain change: Allow businesses to work on the basis of fixed investments and it gives you an advantage. Eric Schmidt told me it is not an engine of growth for the next decade, but rather an engine of growth for the next fifty years. Israel must be there. So that is the second thing, new products.

The third thing is trivial, but it must be said: We cannot be confined to the center of the country. Ehud, do you remember when we would travel north, we would drive on the Beit Lid road, more or less there was no traffic and then when we arrived in Wadi Ara, we would get stuck? And the same thing happened in the direction of Masmia, we would get stuck. This bothered me for so many years. Why must there be two countries here? It is such a small country; it should be joined by highways and trains. This is also the eventual key to supplying housing, but also to many other things, and we are doing so. It has social and economic ramifications. So the third thing is a transportation infrastructure, and it has clear and positive economic ramifications.

The fourth thing is transportation, or a different kind of traffic, and that is the digital revolution we are undertaking. We are connecting the State of Israel to an optic fiber network. We must move forward with this faster. Every house in Israel, every Arab village, every Druze village, every development town – a phrase I hate – it is time that they develop, but they are developing. Have you been to Dimona recently? There are apartment towers. There is no room there. Benny Biton, the mayor of Dimona, argued with me over only one thing: When do I get the cyber college in Dimona? He already understands: not development towns, developed cities.

But in order to complete this revolution, in addition to markets and products, in addition to transportation infrastructure, we need to connect every boy and girl in Israel, every family, to tomorrow, which is already the present. And that means high-speed fiber optic cables, which is a necessary condition for our continued growth and progress, as well as to close the gaps. This is also an educational revolution, by the way, because education is also moving in that direction. There is an insane gap between the cost of education and the cost of information. This gap can be closed and it is being closed. In fact, it will be closed in the coming years, and we must be there.

We are investing in education. I promised during the elections that we would provide a third assistant in the free kindergartens we introduced from the age of three and that is so that children between the ages of three and six will become little experts, and that so by the age of 16, they will be cyber champions. Sixteen is already starting to be a little late. We are doing so, and these things are connected.

The final thing – although there are many more things, but I want to get to other issues as well, so I will focus on the fifth, and that, of course, is energy, first and foremost gas. As it is written, "The land of milk and honey, and gas". We received a tremendous gift from nature. The gas must be removed from the sea and added to the Israeli economy. I do not intend to give into populist pressures. Removing the gas has tremendous significance – politically, from a security perspective, economically – with enormous importance for the future of the State of Israel. The plan we are formulating provides the right balance and also ensures that incentives will be provided for private investors to remove the gas from the ocean floor. That is how a healthy economy works. That is how we signal to investors that it is worthwhile to invest here, and this is also how we can grow. The citizens of Israel benefit from this plan, and so do the private investors.

The alternative is that both sides lose and the gas stays under the ocean. This has happened in quite a few countries. They argued over the perfect model, and in the end they had nothing and I will not allow that to happen in the State of Israel. When long-term economic reforms are under discussion, I have observed that there are always disagreements. I do not remember one reform from among the dozens I have passed that did not engender strong debate and people explained that nothing would happen and that the opposite would happen, but when natural gas flows into the Israeli economy, it will lower the price of electricity and create new jobs. Then it will be clear who was right and who argued without any basis in reality. In several days, we will present the plan and we will allow the public to make its comments. The plan will not allow companies to expropriate prices; it will lead to competitive prices and it will lower the cost of living.

These are the five engines of growth we are currently nurturing: new markets, mostly in Asia; new products, first and foremost cyber; a transportation network that is fast and developed, which connects the north and south with the center of the country and also opens up the center and Jerusalem. When I was a boy, I would sing, "Between the mountains and the hills, a train flies," and in this case it is inside the mountains and the hills. An optic fiber network to enable the vision of a digital Israel and gas. I am convinced that we can continue the paths to growth I described and it is important for us for the reasons I mentioned.

I said we face tremendous threats and challenges. I do not need to expand on that; you can see it. Countries in the Middle East surrounding us are imploding: Iraq, Syria, Libya, Yemen. They in fact do not exist anymore as we knew them. And the other countries are also in great danger. Two radical Islamist factions are charging into the ruins – the radical Shiites under the leadership of Iran and its proxy, Hezbollah; and the radical Sunnis, I cannot say under the leadership of ISIS because they are in fact competing with al-Nusra, al-Qaeda and others. ISIS can be fought, and in my estimation it can also be defeated because it is still not an Islamic state. It is still not yet a threat of the same magnitude of the real Islamic state, which is Iran. Iran is a theological empire, for regional and global reasons. That is how they define it. This is a country with 80 million people, with a great deal of oil and gas, with engineers, technicians and nuclear scientists, good scientists, and with unlimited aspirations.

All these factors, obviously, they intend as a step that nearly needs no expanding upon not only to destroy the other regimes, but also to destroy us and move on from here. But Iran presents us, the region and the world a special challenge because it has five tentacles with which it tries to grip the region and beyond.

The first tentacle is the nuclear one. This is a non-conventional threat and the proposed agreement – and we already know what it is – has two problems. The first: Iran will violate the agreement. It already is insisting on not allowing any real supervision of its military bases and of other places, and there are other things because it maintains its infrastructure for enriching uranium. That is the hard part of building a bomb. So the problem of breakout is of course a big problem, but the bigger problem with this agreement is that if Iran does not violate it, within ten or perhaps twelve years, it can create an infrastructure of hundreds of thousands of centrifuges with an international seal of approval. Khamenei talks about 190,000 centrifuges. By the way, he can make do with less because they can also develop advanced centrifuges that are 25 times more effective than existing centrifuges. They have mountains, one could put it that way, mountains of yellow cake and within a very short time, they can create the cores for an arsenal of atomic bombs. This is the first threat and I think it is clear enough.

Just think what would happen if ISIS had atomic bombs. Iran is not ISIS; Iran is more dangerous than ISIS in many aspects – more methodical, more organized. We already saw countries with fanatical ideologies that organize their manufacturing and their science. The moment they have the capability, they loose themselves from their restraints in order to realize their fanaticism. Despite the fact that Iran is a very complex country, this is their primary "give" – the conquest that leads its foreign policy.

The second threat Iran poses is the conventional threat in the form of its proxies and its soldiers and commanders who are currently spread across the Middle East – in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and of course across from the Golan Heights. In Gaza, they are trying to rehabilitate Hamas, the Islamic Jihad; also in Yemen, Libya and Sudan. Iran is arming its proxies, its cat's-paws, its tiger's-paws, with special weapons that are primarily aimed at us right now, but not just at us. This is the second threat.

The third threat Iran poses is that of terror across the Middle East. Iran sustains a terrorist network through direct and indirect agents, mainly Hezbollah. This terrorist network is spread across five continents and more than 30 countries, and it is growing. I was going to say every month, but I think that does not reflect the frequency – every week. Just last week, you saw the discovery made in Cyprus, an agent's apartment containing two tons of explosives, and there are many more.

The fourth threat posed by Iran is the cyber threat. It attacks Saudi Arabia, Israel, the United States. Its capabilities are growing in this field as well. The fifth and final threat I will mentioned tonight is the comprehensive weapons industry. Fifty-thousand people are employed there, including engineers and technicians, and they create very sophisticated weapons, precision weapons that are becoming a problem, very sophisticated unmanned aerial vehicles, satellites, submarines, all kinds of weapons.

Their work is very impressive. Their rate of activity is very fast, as is their rate of completion. They take on a project and finish it at record speed and that is expanding. But Iran has a problem. They have a problem. What I described here is on such a wide scale that they need money – and they do not have enough money. I say that with certainty. They do not have enough money.

But the second problem with this agreement, or one of the biggest problems, is that this agreement gives them a great deal of money, between 30 to 50 billion dollars all at once, and later on between 150 and 350 billion dollars depending on how one calculates it, but it is not less than 150 billion dollars. That is a lot of money. The moment the pressure of sanctions is lifted from Iran, its war and terror chest will fill up with many billions of dollars, tens and maybe even hundreds of billions of dollars to fuel all of Iran's aggressive actions. So why should we give it to them?

[TRANSCRIBED FROM ENGLISH]

Let me translate that.

Why give them this? I think there's a belief that if Iran is more prosperous at home, it'll be less aggressive abroad. But 50 billion dollars, 150 billion dollars and more is a lot of money. Well, the idea is that a wealthier Iran will stop funding its terrorism. I think this is wishful thinking because this big money is big money for Iran's worldwide campaigns of terror, big money for Iran's regional aggression, big money for Iran's unprecedented conventional arms buildup, big money for Iran's cyber warfare program and big money for Iran's nuclear program.

And according to this deal, Iran gets this big money regardless of its behavior. That isn’t even mentioned in the deal.

Iran can actually get the best of both worlds – prosperity at home, aggression abroad. That's happened before too. And Iran won't be just a big threat to Israel. It'll be a great threat to its Arab neighbors as well.

So how will they respond? How are they responding now? Some of them will pursue nuclear weapons of their own. And there are signs that this is already happening. But all of them, without exception, will seek more advanced conventional weapons too.

So the deal that is supposed to address proliferation in one country will spark both a nuclear and a conventional arms race in many countries in the most unstable part of the planet.

It won't make Israel safer.

Now, I know I’m often portrayed as the nuclear party pooper. And that would be okay if I was the only voice against the impending deal with Iran.

But I speak with quite a few of our neighbors, more than you think, and I want to tell you that nobody in this region believes this deal will block Iran’s path to the bomb or as I said, to many bombs.

And it’s worth noting that no one from this region, except Iran, is at the negotiating table.

Somebody once said: "If you're not at the table, you're on the menu."

The states with the most at stake are not even in the room.

To those who say this deal will change Iran, I say – You got it backwards.

First, Iran should change. Then make the deal.

Only then should you reward it with technology and money.

I said in Congress…you know, I gave a speech in Congress a few months ago, respectfully, by the way. I talked to Jack Lew yesterday, I called him up, I said: We are family, we speak respectfully in a family. We can disagree, but we respect each other. So with the greatest respect I say to our American friends – and we have no better friends and America has no better friends than Israel – I say, if Iran wants to be treated like a normal country, let it act like a normal country.

Now, we're discussing all of this with the United States, but especially two problems that emerge. The first is the danger that the Middle East will be crisscrossed by nuclear tripwires as other states nuclearize, and the second is the massive inflow of weaponry that will go to those Arab countries who legitimately feel the fear of the Iranian build-up, conventional and non-conventional, and this place is a great challenge to Israel, a double challenge, because we hope that the countries that have not been shattered will remain whole, strong, stable, but we can't guarantee that. And so Israel has to assume, has to act to ensure that it has the wherewithal, the capacity, the quantity and the quality of weaponry to be able to maintain its supremacy in the necessary fields to ensure our survival and our future.

Well, that's the bad news.

I said there's opportunity and I think everyone here understands it because the trepidation of the Sunni states from Iran on the one hand and ISIS on the other and everyone else creates a change and a potential for cooperation, perhaps even to resolve the problem that we want to resolve with the Palestinians.

I don’t think it will change the Middle East, mind you. I think you understand that. It's not going to affect al-Nusra or ISIS, those savages. It's not going to affect Iran either. But it might affect us because we don’t want a one-state solution. I don’t want a one-state solution.

I remain committed to a solution of two states for two peoples as I said at Bar-Ilan.

I said in Bar-Ilan the solution as I see it is a demilitarized Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state. These are not conditions for entering the talks. I place no conditions. But these are the foundations of an enduring peace between us and the Palestinians, assuming the region will not be swept by these larger forces.

The Palestinians expect us to recognize a Palestinian nation-state but they won't recognize a Jewish nation-state. A Jewish nation-state for the Jewish people with full rights for all the non-Jews that live here. I wish I could say the same for the Palestinians.

But that's what we want – mutual recognition. Then demilitarization. What does that mean? It's not something you put on a slide. You say security for Israel guaranteed. How do you guarantee it? How do you guarantee that if we leave those areas, what happened in Lebanon doesn’t repeat, what happened in Gaza doesn’t repeat? These are not whims, these are not pretexts, excuses, arguments. This is real. How do you prevent tunnels from being dug from Qalqilia to Kfar Saba? Why there only? There are several thousand tunnels in the seam line between Gaza and Egypt, that's 17 kilometers. Several thousand tunnels. You know about the tunnels they dug and are still trying to dig towards the Israeli side.

We are working on that. The Israeli mind is a gifted mind and is doing great things. But who will ultimately guarantee that those tunnels are not dug? Who will go in in Qalqilia and stop it? Who will prevent the smuggling of weapons?

Well, we had to work out something in the Jordan Valley. We should be able to do that, I agree with that. But that's not the problem anymore.

[TRANSLATED FROM HEBREW]

This is not a problem. You understand Hebrew. It is not a problem, because today the problem in Gaza is not weapons smuggling. There is no more smuggling. The problem is self-production in Gaza, in Khan Yunis – self-production. You only need to smuggle in some engineers, some technicians. You have the means for production, primary material, metals, some machines – and you manufacture pipes with precision guidance capabilities. This is happening in Gaza because we are not there. However, this does not happen in Ramallah because when need be – we would be very happy if the PA did it and we welcome all cooperation in the security field – but in the end, the real security backbone is Israel's security capabilities. That is why the question of demilitarization of the West Bank is not an inconsequential one because it is not only resolved by sealing the border. We learned this firsthand.

We need to ensure an ongoing security regime that provides responses to these problems, assuming that the region remains stable. These are not excuses; these are real things and to this end, negotiations must be conducted to reach an agreement that is based on mutual recognition of two nation-states. This includes recognition of the nation-state of the Jewish people and genuine, effective security arrangements on the other side of the border. We are always occupied with where the border will be, what it will be. That is important, but what will be on the other side of the border? Will there be another terror state, another Gaza? The West Bank is twenty times the size of Gaza, and it borders this place. Solutions must be provided to these issues. They are not inconsequential things. It is complicated, but these are the conditions not for starting negotiations, but rather to successfully completing them, the conditions for achieving a stable, sustainable peace.

I have been trying to speak with Mahmoud Abbas for six and a half years. I tried a great many things to this end which were difficult for me, but I did them. Some were not even done by my predecessors: freezing construction in the settlements, for example. Fine, I froze construction for nearly a year, ten months. In the tenth month, he agreed to come. We met for three hours in Sharm el-Sheikh and three hours on Balfour Street in Jerusalem. He had one demand – another freeze. I said, "Let's talk about things, let us begin to talk about things. Let's talk about the things I mentioned here. I am certain you also have something to say." Six hours.

[TRANSCRIBED FROM ENGLISH]

So I again call on President Abbas to return to negotiations without preconditions. But I also know he has very little reason to talk. Why should he talk? He can get by without talking. He can get by with an international community that blames Israel for not having talks. In other words, the Palestinians run from the table. They ran away from Prime Minister Barak. They ran away from Prime Minister Olmert. They ran away from, before that, from Prime Minister Sharon. And they ran away from me. When John Kerry proposed a framework for negotiations, the framework for a disagreement, for God's sake, they ran away from that too.

But the Palestinians have a nifty trick up their sleeve – they refuse to negotiate and then get international pressure, sanctions, boycotts on Israel for there not being negotiations. It's a perfect Catch-22. And there are those who attempt to impose terms on Israel in the Security Council because there are no talks and some of them pretend that the dangers we face are not real dangers at all.

I think what that does is drive peace away. The idea of imposing peace from the outside doesn't work anyway, but what it guarantees is: One, we'll resist it; two, the Palestinians will not come to the table because if they can get starting terms that are unacceptable to any Israeli government and from which they can press their charges even more, why should they come to negotiate?

I hope that they change course, both in seeking an international fiat or going to the ICC. Now, that's particularly onerous. Israel fights a legitimate war. It's an embattled democracy that has been pelleted with rockets and missiles like no other, that targets the rocketeers and the missile launchers, who hide in hospitals and schools and residential areas. And Israel is hauled or to be hauled to the ICC, when the rules of international warfare are turned on their head because the ICC was set up in the wake of the Holocaust, by the way, to deal with countries that don't have functioning legal systems to monitor their military forces. And Israel is one of the – I'll be charitable – one of a dozen states that has such standards.

Now those who support the indiscriminate rocketing of civilians, which is a war crime, while hiding behind civilians and children, which is another war crime, they and their supporters are taking Israel to the international court of justice. This is something that all Israelis should unite against and all supporters of Israel and justice and truth should unite against because it's unjust. It's untrue. And it's very bad for peace.

There might be an opening because some of the Arab states silently agree with what I say, because they might be in a position to influence the Palestinians to adopt a more conciliatory and positive approach. It'll be hard because, you know, all politics is theater and international politics is theater too and everyone is cast in a role. You know the role I'm cast in, which is really the role Israel is cast in. But the truth also counts, not only imagery.

We've extended our hand time and time and time again. The problems that I described, the solution that I propose requires laborious, serious, deep negotiations. And even then we'll have to buttress it with other safeguards, not only, by the way, for Israel, but also for the Palestinian Authority because the first casualties of a bad deal here will be not only Israel, but they too. We didn't have such arrangements in Gaza, and Hamas with 3,000 people overran the PA forces with 15,000 in hours or days.

So it makes sense from the point of view of Israel and the Palestinian Authority to try to negotiate a real deal of a demilitarized Palestinian state that recognizes the nation-state of the Jewish people.

There are many things that could ignite the region, our immediate region. The region is already ignited. It's in full ignition. One of them is Gaza. I have a very clear policy: You fire at us, we fire back. Hamas is responsible for non-Hamas rocket fire too. But we don't want the region to ignite, not here, not vis-à-vis Lebanon. But we're always preparing. And in the case of Gaza, we also want to give a solution to the humanitarian crisis there. Since last summer's operation, we've enabled 1.1 million tons of construction materials into Gaza. We enable humanitarian relief. There are kids from Gaza in Israeli hospitals. There are kids from Syria in Israeli field hospitals, which we set up across the Golan Heights. There are kids from the entire Middle East who are in Israeli field hospitals. You just go into any one of the hospitals, you'll see them.

But from Gaza. One point one million tons of construction material. We try to increase the security checks so they don't siphon off materials for the construction of tunnels. There's a risk we take. I think it's a measured risk because we don't want a humanitarian explosion. We used to pride ourselves that 250, 300 trucks a day go into Gaza in our accelerated humanitarian efforts. The number now reaches 800. That's not an odd day.

If there is one force now that is working for the reconstruction and rehabilitation of Gaza and humanitarian relief, it's Israel, pure and simple. That's the truth. You're not going to read about it, but I'm telling you. These are the facts. I won't go into who's preventing that. You can use your imagination.

But these are the facts. I can always deal with facts. When people tell you these are the facts, that's fine. Deal with facts any day. It's the distortion of fact that we have to deal with day in, day out. And I think it's important that as many people in Israel unite to fend off these distortions and vilifications and slanders. I don't think we're absent tools. I don't think we're making too much of this threat, but I also think that we shouldn't make too little of our capacity to fight it. First of all, you have to resist it. The first way you resist a lie is by telling the truth unabashedly, unashamedly and without exaggeration. The second is to take measures. I was heartened by the fact that two states in the United States have adopted anti-boycott legislation and I understand there is a move in the US Congress to expand it. And that's very important, because when people have to choose whether they want to boycott the Israeli economy and be shut out from a 17 trillion dollar economy, it sort of forces their concentration.

And there are many other things we need to do, but the most important thing we have to do is unite on what we agree. I think we agree on a lot more than meets the eye, including on what I've just said. And I think that we have to speak as much as possible with one voice against the threats that I described and for the peace that we desire. I've received some requests from Arab quarters: You go out there; you tell them. I said: I do tell them. It's not easy either because we're dealing with our most trusted ally, our indispensable ally. But I feel it's my responsibility as the Prime Minister of Israel. We're not going to get another chance from history. This is it. And if I think something threatens our survival and we have an honest difference of opinion with our trusted American friends, I voice it.

But I ask them: Why are you telling me this? And the same thing – I turn to Israelis and the friends of Israel. Believe me, I appreciate the rollicking nature of Israeli democracy. I appreciate the fact that we each have at least four opinions that battle each other in ourselves. But I think on the big things, we have to tell the world. And I think we can get our message through.

I hope that there'll be a day when all our neighbors create hope for all the peoples of this region. And it may take a long time. Eric Schmidt asked me this morning, "Well, what do you think is going to happen?" because I asked him, "What do you think will happen with the internet?" And he said, "That's complicated." He said, "What do you think will happen with the Middle East?" And I said, "Well, that's complicated." But I told him I'm going to surprise you; I think that down the line – I'm very optimistic. Because I think down the line modernity beats medievalism. Free information and free choice beats cloistered minds.

That's always happened in history. That's why humanity more or less moves upward – more or less. But there are some downward spirals. And the most downward of downward spirals occurs when radical regimes get the weapons of mass death and act out their fantasies. They eventually come down, but the question is at what cost. In the long run, I think militant Islam will succumb to the forces of modernity but it could take many decades. And we have to make sure that in the interim millions of innocent people don't die and that our people don't undergo another commemoration. That's our responsibility.

And I think it's possible if we're clear-eyed, if we're resolute, if we do what we need to strength our country, to form alliances near and far, far and near, if we look reality in the eye and not try to, what we used to say in the army, force the map. Look at the world as it really is. See where you can make those changes to improve it or to ward off dangers. Build, build this country, build its economy, build its science, build its future, build its society, build alliances. Every state needs alliances. Superpowers need alliances. A small state like Israel definitely needs alliances. Definitely.

Well, until the neighborhood changes, what will give us hope? I think three things that enabled us to build this country from a beachhead of 600,000 people to a population now of eight million and a global digital powerhouse, to quote a small investor, and the many other wonders that you see around you, including this institution, which under Israeli bureaucracy is a real miracle. What will give us hope? Strength, wisdom and confidence. Israel must be strong. It must be very strong because, again, no one will make peace with a weak Israel. Second, Israel must be wise and a wise Israel means taking advantage of the opportunities presented by the dramatic changes in our region and in the world.

I want to say something about bridge-buildings. It's not always achieved by grand pronouncements. In fact, it can often be undermined by them. Bridge-building is a delicate process that has been quietly strengthened in the past few years and can be dramatically strengthened in the years ahead, especially if some of our Arab neighbors join us in influencing the Palestinians to get back to the table and negotiate a responsible deal, responsible and good for both our peoples.

And third, Israel must be confident, confident in the justice of its cause and the values it upholds. Israel's values stand out like a beacon in the dark Middle East. There was a great English writer, George Eliot, who wrote – the word she used I think is that they will be in the vanguard of the Middle East… She said, I'm paraphrasing, "…a state that will shine the light of freedom amid the despotisms of the East." Exactly.

I wish we weren't that unique, but we are. But I think our values are not only remarkable by the standards of the region; they're remarkable by any standard. What other country has been struck by thousands and thousands of rockets and acted with the restraint that Israel showed last summer? What other country would respond to… well, respond so disproportionally to the disasters in Haiti and Nepal and elsewhere?

Ladies and Gentlemen,

Israel upholds these values even when the most horrific violence is meted out against it. We uphold these values even when we're defamed and libeled as killers of children, poisoners of wells and enemies of mankind. The people of Israel face many challenges, but not living up to our values is not one of them. On the contrary: We uphold universal values in a region where those values have been shunted aside, trampled upon to the dust. And while we wait for those values to take root in the shifting sands of the Middle East, we will stand proud, proud of the light that we have built in the darkness, a light that I am confident will burn even brighter in the future.
