Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventjerusalem160915



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning (Wednesday, 16 September 2015), accompanied by Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, Transportation and Road Safety Minister Yisrael Katz and Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat, toured Asher Viner St. in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Armon Hanatziv where Alexander Levlovich was killed on New Year's Eve.

From there he went to a lookout point at the Metzudat Adumim Border Police base where he was briefed by acting Israel Police Commissioner Bentzi Sau, Jerusalem District Police Commander Chico Edry and Jerusalem Border Police Commander Yizhar Peled. Afterwards Prime Minister Netanyahu visited an IDF position on Highway 443, where he was briefed by acting GOC Central Command Col. Roni Numa, Judea and Samaria Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Lior Carmeli and Binyamin Brigade Commander Israel Shomer.

PM Netanyahu issued the following statement:

"We are changing policy. The present situation is unacceptable and we intend to give soldiers and police officers provide the tools necessary to act very firmly against those who throw stones and firebombs.

The stone does not distinguish between a car hit here, in which an Israeli citizen was killed, and a rock thrown within the Green Line. We are also going to adopt changes in the rules of engagement and for minimum sentences on those who throw stones and firebombs.

In addition, we will massively increase fines for minors and their families to create deterrence there as well. In the State of Israel these phenomena are intolerable, and I'm not just talking about the roads to Jerusalem or about Jerusalem itself, I am talking about the Galilee and the Negev as well. We are changing our policy to war on those who throw rocks and firebombs."

Regarding the Temple Mount, the Prime Minister said:

"We are in favor of strictly maintaining the status quo on the Temple Mount. The status quo is upset constantly by agitators and rioters who barricade themselves on the Temple Mount and harass worshipers, or, more precisely, the Jewish visitors. This is also unacceptable to us. We are dealing with this, in cooperation and dialogue with Jordan, and not just with them."

On the spot where Alexander Levlovich was killed, Prime Minister Netanyahu said:

"Here, in the heart of Jerusalem, at a traffic island on a main road, a thug and criminal stands here, on a traffic island, takes a stone and throws again and again at the windshields of cars of Jerusalem residents until he manages to cause death - it did not kill, it murdered. This stone is one too many. We are declaring war on those who throw stones and bottles, and rioters."