Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventstate010415



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at his Jerusalem office, met with US Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner (R-OH). Following are their remarks at the start of the meeting:

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Mr. Speaker, John, it's great to see you again.

Your visit is an opportunity for me to thank you and your colleagues from both Houses of Congress and from both sides of the aisle for the warm welcome you gave me in the US Capitol. And today it's my great pleasure to welcome you and your delegation to Jerusalem, the capital of the State of Israel and the capital of the Jewish people for three thousand years.

John, your visit here is testament to the historic and enduring bind that unites our two nations, our two democracies. This is a bond that is founded on our common values, our shared commitment to liberty and equal rights for all. And this alliance of values is cemented by our common interests.

I believe it's plain to see that those common values and interests are clearer than ever. The Middle East is plagued by anti-Western, anti-democratic and anti-American extremism. Terrorists brutally behead their shackled captives before video cameras. Despots lead their people in chants of 'Death to America' while building intercontinental ballistic missiles to reach America.

In this violent and unstable region, where states are imploding and fanaticism is exploding, one thing remains rock solid: Our friendship, our alliance, our partnership.

It makes both our countries stronger. It makes both our countries safer. And it's the anchor for our shared hopes for peace and stability in this region.

So let me use this opportunity of your visit to reiterate something that I've said before but needs to be said again and again: The people of Israel know that we have no better friend in the world than the United States of America. And the American people should know that they have no better friend in the world than the State of Israel.

John, you are one of twelve children. Well, you came to the right place. We are the descendants of the twelve children of Jacob, also known as Israel. John, welcome to Israel, welcome to Jerusalem. Welcome, friend House of Representatives Speaker Boehner:

"Thank you, thank you, thank you.

Well, Mr. Prime Minister, let me just say how happy I am to be in Israel.

Our delegation has spent the last five days throughout the Middle East. And regardless of where in the Middle East we’ve been, the message has been the same. You can’t continue to turn your eye away from the threats that face all of us.

And as you said, the bonds between the United States and Israel are as strong as ever. Our two countries cooperate on many different levels. And while we may have political disagreements from time to time, the bonds between our two nations are strong and they’re going to continue to be strong.

It’s been an historic trip, and frankly it’s an historic opportunity to be here in Israel at this time."