Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart100716



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

I am pleased to announce that Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry will arrive today in Israel. I will meet with him this afternoon and again this evening. The previous visit by an Egyptian Foreign Minister to Israel was in 2007, almost a decade ago. Today's visit is important from many points-of-view. It teaches about the change that has come over Israel-Egypt relations, including President El-Sisi's important call to advance the peace process with both the Palestinians and Arab countries. The Egyptian Foreign Minister is coming on behalf of the President of Egypt; we welcome him. I would like to thank attorney Yitzhak Molcho who has greatly contributed to realizing this visit.

Last Friday I returned from an important visit to four African countries. The trip began with an historic summit, not just with the four leaders of these countries, but with another three leaders; all-in-all seven leaders from seven African countries, the populations of which number approximately 260 million people. The seven leaders agreed to act to strengthen our links with additional African countries. They declared that they would work to restore Israel as an observer to the African Union, which is composed of 54 countries. Even though this is a process that will take time, there is no doubt that this is the start of a long journey toward dealing with the automatic majority against Israel in international forums, an automatic majority that rests, first and foremost, on a bloc of African countries. This will not be achieved immediately. It will take a lot of time, but we have begun the process.

During the visit we signed a series of agreements with Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda and Ethiopia. No less important, approximately 70 Israeli businesspeople came on the visit. They met with their African counterparts and government representatives. Many of them told me that the visit opened doors and advanced their economic interests, as well as those of the State of Israel, on the continent, in those countries. I add that this will contribute not only to economic relations, but also to diplomatic and security relations.

Here I need to point out: All of these countries, without exception, and many others, are interested in enhancing relations with Israel because they see Israel and its technological capabilities as a major force, first of all, that could assist them in the war against radical Islam that is inundating all of Africa. They want to be close to us; they want our help. This is the first thing. The second thing is that they see Israel's technological and entrepreneurial ability as a very major tool in developing their countries in all areas; we will discuss this later. A third point: Both during this visit and afterwards, we are receiving calls from other countries, some of which we do not have relations with, that they want to enhance relations. That is to say, there is a certain process here that is advancing toward the enhancement and normalization of our ties with African countries. Today, the Cabinet will discuss ways to advance these ties and these opportunities, which are very important to the State of Israel.

I wish to thank to all those who took part in this great effort: To the staffs from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, National Security Council, my office and those of other ministries, to the security and administrative personnel who worked hard to make possible a very complex four-day four-nation visit. I would like to especially thank Minister Miri Regev and the staff of the Information Center who labored very hard to prepare the emotional ceremony marking the 40 anniversary of the Entebbe rescue mission.

Today, the Cabinet will approve a NIS 50 million plan to strengthen Kiryat Arba and the Jewish community in Hebron. Government offices, I must note, have all been recruited to assist the residents who stand heroically in the face of vicious terrorism, including yesterday's terrorist attack in which, happily, no lives were lost."