Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechethiopiaceremony050616

-Translation-

Even during the darkest times in our people's history, in the despair of the exile, at the lowest point of our hardships, there was always one ray of light, of hope, that lit our path – Jerusalem, Zion. You know this better than anyone. You kept the spark of Jewish existence in Ethiopia alive despite suffering and distress. For many long generations, you clung to the dream of returning to Jerusalem, and that hope was realized – you got to come home. You got to come home and we all won.

Herzl, who is buried on this mountain, believed that our return to Zion was tremendously important for the ingathering of the exiles. Herzl wrote, "But we wish to give the Jews a Homeland." Pay attention to what he is saying: "We wish to give the Jews a Homeland. Not by dragging them ruthlessly out of their sustaining soil, but rather by removing them carefully, roots and all, to a better terrain." In other words, the land of our homeland. He continues, "Just as we wish to create new political and economic relations, so emotionally we wish to preserve all of the past as sacred."

That is to say, Herzl wanted to combine the new and the old, and we are doing so in Israel today. That is what we are doing in this ceremony. Each community, including yours, throughout the Jewish world, proudly preserves the heritage of their fathers, and has the great privilege to nurture it. They preserve the heritage of their ancestors and our national values, while at the same time cultivating incredible innovation that will safeguard our future. However, everything begins at the roots, and in the case of Ethiopian Jewry, its amazing story must become an inseparable part of Israeli existence.

We call grew up longing for Zion. It is the focal point of the lives of our people, which was exiled from its land thousands of years ago and aspired to return to it, renew its independence, rebuild its capital. The Jews of Ethiopia are living and moving proof of the power of the yearning for Zion. There is no precedent for the events you endured to reach the land of Israel: the dangers, the suffering, the pain, the torture – thousands of victims, victims who lost their lives in the deserts of Ethiopia and Sudan – countless heartrending tragedies.

The past is sealed. This is true, but the story of the past is still being created. It is a story that has sprung forth over the past several years from deep in your hearts, a story that is passed on orally on different occasions, including in the living rooms of native-born Israelis, sabras who long to hear you. It is also written down occasionally in fascinating books written by Ethiopian-Israelis.

Allow me to mention one such example, that of Rachel Issachar, who embarked on the difficult journey while heavily pregnant and accompanied by her three-year-old child. Today she is the mother of four, a social worker with a master's degree, a coordinator for immigrant absorption and immigration at the Rishon Le'Zion Municipality. She wrote a book, The Strength of Faith, in which she describes the hardships of the journey from her village in northern Ethiopia to the Sudanese border and in the refugee camp in Sudan. She has not forgotten anything – the terrible thirst in the desert, the diseases, the robbers, those walking in the back whose strength gave out and who were hastily buried beside the road. "Whoever was not there," Rachel writes, "cannot understand us. Before us was the dream of generations to reach Jerusalem; there was no way back."

You, our brothers and sisters of Ethiopian ancestry, demonstrated tremendous self-sacrifice. You took action, walked, fought; you did not surrender. Envoys from the State of Israel extended a helping hand, but you personally undertook the most significant part of your journey to Israel, with your own hands and your own feet. Years have passed and the story of your immigration to Israel is joined by the story of your contributions to our country, and this story continues to take shape every day.

Mr. President, we spent time together in your residence here in Jerusalem on Independence Day, at the ceremony honoring 120 outstanding soldiers. Among them, and not for the first time, were the sons and daughters of families that immigrated to Israel from Ethiopia, and I felt deep pride. It is so moving to see you in IDF uniforms, wearing your berets, standing tall, Israelis in the full sense of the word. I follow the integration of Ethiopian-Israelis in the best units in the Israel Defense Forces, and this pride grows even stronger.

There are some things that change as part of a process, and this includes our relations with Ethiopia. I will travel to Africa in several weeks, and our relationship with this important country is completely different than it was, as is true with regard to many other countries. Alongside developing these ties, I am also proud that we have the privilege for the third time to make a special effort to facilitate the immigration of the remainder of the Jews. However, there are also great challenges, because, as we know, the return home involves hardships. Absorption into Israeli society is a process that has its dips and obstacles, and I trust you feel our desire to overcome these dips, remove these obstacles.

We are at a turning point. Each time we meet, and we have had many such opportunities over the past year, I told you that the government and I were attentive to your feelings, to your pain, to your aspirations. In order to give this practical expression, I have instructed the establishment of a special ministerial committee to expedite the integration of Israeli citizens of Ethiopian ancestry into Israeli society. I head this committee. We meet every few weeks in order to address education, health, welfare, housing, employment, civil service and service in the IDF. All these areas are advancing, some quite rapidly.

We still have some way to go, but I can tell you one thing: More than anything, more than anything I have said, I attach supreme importance to putting an end to expressions of discrimination and racism. This is an outrageous phenomenon in our society. It is intolerable and we stand against it with all our strength because it has no place in the State of Israel. You are flesh of our flesh, an inseparable part of the nation, equals among equals.

I salute you. And today, together with the President of Israel and the entire people of Israel, we salute the thousands who perished on the heroic journey from Ethiopia to Israel. This year we added the names of the fallen to the monument of remembrance, with the assistance of the World Zionist Organization. It is something small that we could do to commemorate your great sacrifice. We will cherish their memories forever, and take comfort in realizing their wish to build in Zion and Jerusalem.

May their memories be blessed.
