Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokeafrica030716



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will leave on an historic visit to Africa, after decades in which no Israeli prime minister has visited the continent. The Prime Minister has set improving and strengthening relations with African countries as a goal; he will visit Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda and Ethiopia.

Prime Minister Netanyahu's visit to Africa will begin in Uganda where President Yoweei Museveni will welcome him in an official ceremony with a 19-gun salute. Afterwards, an official ceremony will be held at Entebbe to mark 40 years since the Entebbe raid. Later the Prime Minister will meet with East African heads of state who are specially travelling to Uganda for a diplomatic meeting with him. Participating in the meeting will be Ugandan President Museveni, Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta, Rwandan President Paul Kagame, South Sudan President Salva Kiir Mayardit, Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn Boshe, Zambian President Edgar Lungu and Tanzanian Foreign Minister Dr. Augustine Philip Mahiga. Prime Minister Netanyahu will also visit Kenya, Rwanda and Ethiopia where he will hold meetings with their heads of state and security and economic leaderships. He will make an historic speech before the Ethiopian Parliament.

Beyond its diplomatic aspects, Prime Minister Netanyahu also has major economic significance. The Prime Minister will be accompanied by approximately 80 businesspeople from over 50 companies in order to forge commercial ties with African companies and countries. Economic seminars will be held in Kenya and Ethiopia with the participation of the accompanying businesspeople and their local counterparts. The seminars are under the auspices of Kenyan President Kenyatta, Ethiopian Prime Minister Desalegn Boshe and Prime Minister Netanyahu.

Last week the Cabinet passed an approximately NIS 50 million plan to strengthen economic links and cooperation with African countries.

On the occasion of Prime Minister Netanyahu's visit, the National Information Directorate has designed a special logo featuring the flags of the various countries on the Prime minister's itinerary.

The Prime Minister's Office website will open a designated page featuring various materials (live broadcasts from the various events on the Prime Minister's schedule, a VOD archive, still photos and press releases).

The Prime Minister's Facebook page and Twitter feed will also feature updated material.

The Government Press Office has, on the occasion of the visit, opened a virtual exhibit entitled "Back to Africa" featuring historic still photos (many for the first time) from the National Photo Collection on previous visits by Israeli prime ministers to Africa.