Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechzhabotinsky040816

- Translation -

"The eagle has plummeted from the skies. His sharp, far-seeing eyes have closed. The clap of his broad wings has been silenced – and the heartbeats of a brave heart are heard no more."

With these lofty words, the Hebrew press eulogized Jabotinsky when the bitter news was received 76 years ago that he was no longer alive. I feel a special connection with him because my father, the late Professor Ben-Zion Netanyahu, had a special connection with him. He was a pallbearer at Jabotinsky's funeral. My father was with Jabotinsky in the United States during the last years of his life, after he was convinced to move from England to the United States, because that was where the international fate of the national question would be decided. There, in the United States, they worked together to advance the vision of a Hebrew army, which was realized with the formation of the Jewish Brigade in 1944, one of the forerunners of the Israel Defense Forces.

Today, I received a photograph of a very moving letter. It is to be included in a new edition of a Jabotinsky monograph that will be published soon. Thank you, Yossi Ahimeir and the Jabotinsky Institute for your important work. Jabotinsky wrote to Dr. Joseph Kleusner in April 1939: "I was very pleased to receive your letter, sir," – that's how they wrote then – "that same letter which Mr. Netanyahu relayed to me two weeks ago. "This does not refer to me, but rather to my father. "I agree," he wrote, "that this young man is indeed possessed of excellent and numerous skills." What language, what poetic phrasing.

I was very moved by these words of esteem, but I can tell you that my father's esteem for Jabotinsky was immense. He viewed Jabotinsky as his mentor, and I – the student of the student of Jabotinsky – am proud to continue in his path. I say this to you too, members of the Beitar youth movement, for although Jabotinsky is no longer with us, his teachings and his work are an endless spring.

Jabotinsky's writing is filled with unique expressions and turns of phrase, which enriched Zionist thoughts and deeds, and one of these phrases was "monism", or "single-flag Zionism". Jabotinsky claimed that the urgent need to establish a Jewish state required adhering to the Zionist ideal alone. It must not be weakened, he wrote, by joining another ideal to it, although there were many: status-related, social or economic.

Of course, Jabotinsky recognized the importance of these topics. He wrote about them extensively, with skill and genius. However, his humanistic approach espoused waving one, single flag – the focusing of Zionist energies to the establishment of a country. Eight decades after the monistic view was formulated, reality has changed: the State of Israel was established, strengthened and made tremendous accomplishments. As a Herzlian, Jabotinsky espoused adapting the national missions to the times – he did so himself and we must do so today. Today, eight decades later, we wave several flags at the same time: the flag of military strength, the flag of economic power, the flag of political strength and the flag of spiritual, moral and social strength. My model is a stable table that rests on four strong legs. They are all necessary in order to ensure our existence and our future.

The first leg is military strength. Jabotinsky instilled in us the principle of the Iron Wall. The Iron Wall is the ability to repel attacks by our enemies. The Iron Wall is the factor that compels them, sooner or later, to accept our existence. The Iron Wall marks the path to peace – a safe peace that includes recognition of the nation-state of the Jewish people. The Iron Wall is the State of Israel, which serves as the free world's defensive shield against radical Islam.

Military force depends on people, on weapons, and today more than ever, it depends on technology. We have made a tremendous investment in building this strength: in fences that stop infiltrators, in intelligence, in cyber, in thousands of defensive missile interceptors – and in offensive capabilities as well, such as tanks, planes, ships, submarines. The Iron Wall begins below ground and below the sea and it extends up into outer space. All this costs money, a great deal of money. We need money for security, for education, for health, for welfare, for housing, for transportation and for immigrant absorption.

This is the role of the second leg – economic power. We encourage a free economy, entrepreneurship and reforms that free us from obstacles and ensure the growth of the economy. The key to success is a combination of government investment in infrastructure with a lot of private enterprise. We are laying roads and railroad tracks to the south and the north, moving the IDF Intelligence, Computer Service Directorate and Cyber units to the Negev, and we are connecting them to Beer Sheva, to Ben-Gurion University and to the new cyber park. We are doing the same thing in the Galilee. The distances are growing shorter and the entrepreneurs are coming. Jabotinsky supported a free economy; he supported the investment of private capital. I think the private and the governmental should be combined. Jabotinsky believed that private investment and private enterprises improve the lot of the lower economic classes. He wrote, "I am absolutely certain that the regime that is called bourgeois or capitalistic will gradually create a system of ways and means for banning poverty from the world, in other words [will prevent] the reduction of wages below the level indispensable to maintain subsistence, hygiene and self-respect." This is happening with a billion people in China and in other places, and it is certainly happening here.

The third leg of the table of strength is political strength. Jabotinsky believed that we had to make alliances. Every nation needs alliances. Superpowers need alliances, and this is even more true when it comes to small countries like ours. Jabotinsky's conception poses the question as to how to make these alliances. The key can be found in that same economic and military power that I discussed. Today, Israel is undergoing an unprecedented political flourishing for two main reasons: The first is the expertise and determination we acquired in our ongoing fight against terror. Countries that fear the threat of radical Islam make use of Israel's capabilities to defend themselves. And the second is due to our being a powerhouse in innovation and technological knowhow, which leads to reciprocal relations with economies around the world. These two factors assist us in establishing alliances on an unprecedented scale. Herzl, and Jabotinsky after him, knew that alliances are not made with the weak, but rather with the strong – strong militarily and strong economically. We have a close alliance with our great friend, the United States, we have very beneficial ties in Asia – first and foremost with India, China and Japan – we have close relations with Russia, and our relations with Africa and other nations are growing stronger. There are countries in the region that conduct ongoing, daily dialogue with us. I would like to believe that this is where the seeds of future peace are being planted.

And the table cannot be complete without the fourth leg, our moral and spiritual strength, the legacy of generations before us. It binds the components of Israeli society together, out of a sense of being responsible for one another and of internal unity. There is still work to be done in this area. There is still room for improvement when it comes to the idea of dignity across the political spectrum. Can we argue? Can we argue heatedly? Of course, but not with insults, not with obscene language, not with discourtesy; to the point, as Jabotinsky used to debate and deliberate with his opponents, with of mutual respect. This respect is not always mutual.

Jewish and democratic Israel, which respects the rights of all its citizens, aspires to be a light unto the nations – as Jabotinsky said in 1934, "This Hebrew generation will contribute its services to the world's society. In this way, and only in this way, will the State of Israel be built."

Therefore, the four legs of the table, the four components of Israel's strength, these are the four flags that have replaced monism. Ladies and gentlemen, Zeev Jabotinsky did not live to see the establishment of the state, but as his students, we admire his ability to remain optimistic and believe in the victory of Zionism, even during the darkest period for our people and the world.

My father wrote of Jabotinsky, "Jabotinsky, who according to his values was a child of the 19th century, positioned us directly in the heart of the 20th century so filled with events and terrors. He also gave us the direction, the compass and the rules of navigation to guide our ship through the storm of time." Allow me to add, in light of radical Islam's campaign of terror at the onset of the 21st century and given the regional and global upheaval, Jabotinsky's teachings continue to strengthen our faith in the justness of our path, imbue us with strength and guide us to a safe haven. We will honor Jabotinsky's tremendous contribution to the independence of our people.

May his memory, and that of his wife, Jeanne, be blessed forever.
