Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speecheitan260716

-Translation-

[Addressing one of the bereaved fathers] As a bereaved brother, I understand your pain. I know loss and grief. As Prime Minister, I did everything I could not to expose our soldiers to unnecessary danger before we exhausted all our options, both in the political sphere and in the military sphere. Today we pay our respects to our sons and brothers, the brave soldiers who we are here today to honor.

Distinguished President, Reuven Rivlin,

But first and foremost among the many distinguished guests, my brothers and sisters, members of the family of bereavement,

Your grief is my grief. Your pain is my pain. In the two years that have passed since the operation, I wrote to you, spoke with you, met with you – and my door was always open to you and it will always remain open. The entire nation appreciates the price your loved ones paid, that you paid, to ensure the country's security, to defend the citizens of Israel.

Protective Edge is one of those same crossroads at which a nation that wants to survive must take up the defensive sword and fight for its very existence. Our soldiers stood on the line of fire to push back the threat of rockets, the threat of the terrorist tunnels and other threats from land, sea and air. When they looked back, they saw the lights of Ashkelon and Sderot, Nahal Oz and Nativ Ha'Asarah, Nir Am and Kerem Shalom. They knew they were defending our home.

Today the residents of the Gaza Envelope are prospering, thanks to the boys. They show impressive growth, thanks to the boys. Children play in their yards, thanks to the boys. And farmers plow their fields, thanks to the boys, thanks to our heroic soldiers and commanders, who mobilized to the mission and marched at the front. It is those at the front who are the first to fall, and still more come after them.

Operation Protective Edge was a test of the resilience of Israeli society, its stamina, its faith in the justness of its path. We withstood this test with distinction. A brutal terrorist organization attacked us without provocation, a terrorist organization with the declared purpose that was and remains the destruction of the State of Israel. Protective Edge is another stage in our enemy's learning process – that the existence of Israel is a fact. Our roots are planted here. This is our homeland and we will defend it with great force.

Hamas suffered the heaviest blow in its history. Around 1,000 terrorists were killed during the operation, senior commanders were terminated, most of the missiles were destroyed. Hamas's attack plan by air, sea and land – and underground – was thwarted.

This campaign led to unprecedented cooperation with parties in the region, parties who identify Hamas, as I do, as a common enemy. The force we demonstrated during the operation is advancing this cooperation today as well. The campaign was conducted in the international arena with wisdom, responsibility, level-headedness, and in a manner that allowed us freedom of action for our troops. At the end of the campaign, Hamas did not achieve a thing. All its demands, without exception, were rejected – and the quiet returned to the south.

Hamas invested tremendous efforts in equipping itself with missiles and failed in its attempt to damage Israel's cities by firing on them. The decision we supported after Pillar of Defense and before Protective Edge, to acquire thousands of missile interceptors, proved itself by any standard. At the same time, we used our strike force offensively – in the air and on land. It was this strike force that exacted such a heavy toll on Hamas.

Our enemies sought and still seek to isolate us politically, and here we are, two years after Protective Edge, and Israel is experiencing an unprecedented political blossoming. This is due, in no small part, to the decisiveness and determination we demonstrate in the ongoing fight against terror, and the newest example of this was Protective Edge. Protective Edge proved what we all knew: that the IDF is one of the most moral militaries in the world. The preservation of the "purity of arms" is a fundamental principle in our operations.

My dear friends, the operation awarded many important benefits, but there are lessons to be learned as well, important lessons that were already understood during the campaign, and of course since its conclusion. These are lessons we are still implementing. I cannot promise that Protective Edge will be the last confrontation we have with terrorist organizations, but I can tell you that if Hamas is planning another confrontation, we will strike back twice as hard and with a force it cannot imagine. For we too are growing stronger. We too are planning. Israel is cultivating its capabilities, both in defense and in offense – in the air, by sea and by land, and underground. Quiet in Israel equals quiet in Gaza, so anyone who raises a hand against us will bring upon himself destruction and ruin.

Dear families, the memories did not fade. The wounds have not yet healed, and I can tell you that I do not know if they will ever completely heal. They may never. The events of Protective Edge are seared in you, in me, in all of us. Protective Edge is synonymous with the boldness of our soldiers, with looking out for one another, with standing strong, with national unity, with civilian heroism, a heroism in which we also grieved the deaths of five civilians, including the toddler Daniel Tragerman.

Protective Edge is a profound commitment to return First Lieutenant Hadar Goldin and First Lieutenant Oron Shaul home. This mission is never forgotten, and I will not stop – it will be completed even if it takes time. Protective Edge is sharing in the pain of the wounded, who fight their wounds with incredible courage, in pain, in faith and in hope. We accompany them in the process of their recovery and wish them good health.

But more than anything, Protective Edge is the last will of the fallen to continue fortifying the security of the State of Israel and defend our land – with strength, faith, wisdom and courage. Our loved ones who fell are always in our thoughts, always in our hearts. May the memory of our heroes – the fallen soldiers of Protective Edge – be forever in the hearts of the nation.
