Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart111216



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Culture and Sports Minister Miri Regev, this morning at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Labor and Social Affairs Ministry Director General Eliezer Yablun, Esq., passed away suddenly this past Friday. He was a man of action and brought this, in a very considerable and prominent way, to the Labor and Social Affairs Ministry. He and Minister Haim Katz started very many reforms and actions. We are all stunned. On behalf of the entire Cabinet and Minister Katz, I would like to send condolences to his family and acquaintances. He will be sorely missed.

Last night there were two important events related to Turkey: One, the new Turkish Ambassador arrived in Israel after Israel sent its Ambassador to Ankara, as per the agreement between the Israeli and Turkish governments. But yesterday there was an additional thing, and this was a severe terrorist attack in Turkey. Israel condemns all terrorism in Turkey and expects that Turkey will condemn all terrorist attacks in Israel. The fight against terrorism must be mutual. It must be mutual in condemnation and in countermeasures, and this is what the State of Israel expects from all countries it is in contact with, including Turkey.

Today the Cabinet will approve a plan to strengthen civilian resilience in Sderot and the communities adjacent to the Gaza Strip. We are investing over NIS 500 million to benefit the residents. We are doing this with tax breaks, daycare benefits, investments in infrastructures, easements, and assistance to local authorities. I must say that the entire area is in perpetual growth. When I go there I am impressed by the construction, by the momentum of the construction, by the demand, there are several buyers for every apartment, and all of this has occurred since Operation Protective Edge. Therefore, with the approval of the plan today, we are telling the residents: 'We will continue to strengthen you. We will continue to strengthen the area around the Gaza Strip. We will continue to strengthen the Negev and the western Negev. We are doing this for you, for the Negev and for the security and future of the State of Israel.'

Finally, today we are marking the fact that in a few more weeks we will begin to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the unification of Jerusalem. This date marks 50 years since we liberated the Old City and the Western Wall. I remind you of what I remember as a boy. Until we did this, until the Six Day War and the liberation of Jerusalem, we Jerusalemites lived under the fear of sniper fire – war in the heart of Jerusalem. The city was divided by barbed wire fences and snipers and the latter – from time to time – claimed a price from the residents of the city. The liberation of the city changed this situation from its foundation. Jerusalem stopped being a city on the edge and became the capital of Israel – broader, vibrant and being built up. This is a great event in Jewish and Zionist history and we will celebrate it accordingly.

Moreover, we will also mark 120 years since the First Zionist Congress in Basel, 100 years since the Balfour declaration and 40 years since President Anwar Sadat's visit to Jerusalem. These are important milestones in the annals of Zionism and the State of Israel. Israel will celebrate the 50th anniversary with many events, in the country and around the world, and this is the responsibility of Culture and Sports Minister Miri Regev."

Minister Miri Regev:

"Members of the Government, I am happy and excited to present the decision of the Ministerial Committee on Ceremonies and Symbols to mark the celebrations for the liberation and unification of Jerusalem. As we recall, a few weeks ago a ridiculous, false and unfounded decision was made by UNESCO, that there is no connection between the Jewish People and the Western Wall and the Temple Mount. Thank G-d, they can continue to lie, we will continue with the truth of history. In 1967, we went back to the same places where our fathers and our mothers walked, Beit El, Hebron and Elon Moreh and to the apple of our eye – a united Jerusalem.

Prime Minister, during Hanukkah, the Festival of the Maccabees, the Ministry of Culture together with the Israel Antiquities Authority, will reveal one of the oldest streets in Jerusalem, the street where the Maccabees walked two thousand years ago. The street is, if you will, the Mamilla of the ancient Jerusalem of over two thousand years. A main street in ancient Jerusalem along which were discovered stores, a street called Olei Haregel (pilgrims); the street where Jews came from the Siloam Pool to the Temple Mount. I see this project of uncovering the Old City, of continuing to excavate in the Old City, as an important national project of the State of Israel and certainly of the Ministry of Culture.

During the exposure leading to the events we will mark on Chanukah, a coin was found, of a series of coins that have been uncovered in several places in the country, including the Old City. But I thought it would be a festive and exciting present to give you the coin that was found in the Old City two weeks ago. This coin, Prime Minister and my colleagues, belongs to a series of coins minted during the Great Revolt against the Romans which have previously been found in various places. On one side of the coin there is a vine with Hebrew letters – 'Freedom of Zion', and on the other side, an omer cup. To me, this shows the close and unbroken link of the history of the Jewish People to Jerusalem, our eternal capital. I thought it would be nice to present you with this special coin that was found. This is a series of original coins and this coin was found by the staff of my ministry ahead of the Hanukkah event in the City of David on Olei Haregel Street in ancient Jerusalem. It is simply amazing. That sums up the subject of the coin and its discovery.

During the next two weeks we will update the members of the Cabinet and the Cabinet Secretariat on the opening event of the celebrations of the 50th anniversary. This event will begin Independence Day, which will also mark united Jerusalem. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you, Prime Minister, the Director General of your ministry, and the Minister of Finance on the pooling of resources we did with my ministryfor the official events marking the anniversary celebrations in Jerusalem. I want to thank Elkin, Yariv, Bennet, and all the ministers that are taking part in the appointed ministerial committee orthe decisionmade bythe government. A committee headed by the Director General of my ministry is coordinating and synchronizing all the events that we will be celebrating during the Year of Jerusalem. Also over the next two weeks we will disclose the Jerusalem anniversary logo, which will probably be used by all ministries at their discretion and authority. We will have joyous celebrations. The logo will be simple, clear, and will mainly show the deep connection of the Jewish People to Jerusalem. I want to thank everybody, all those who are helping the celebrations of Jerusalem, our eternal capital."

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Our relationship obviously is not only to Jerusalem, but to the Land of Israel. And I'm sure you all have read the weekly Torah portion about Jacob, Beit El and Jacob's Ladder. I understand that UNESCO has not denied this connection yet. Jacob was born in Beersheba and Isaac was born in Hebron. They went here on the way, and went near Jerusalem, which was then Jebusite – all these things we know and are familiar with. There is nothing that can erase this connection. But what we do in the anniversary – we will strengthen it, and I expect our relationship, and the international understanding of our relationship, to our land and especially our capital, will be greatly strengthened in the anniversary year."