Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechsharon290216

-Translation-

In uniform and as a civilian, Ariel Sharon left a profound mark on the State of Israel. The revolution caused by Zionism shaped farmers with deep roots, as well as young people who learned to draw their bows and defend our people. Arik was both. He worked his family farm in Kfar Malal and there, by his parents' side, he also fought against Arab terrorism.

The need to protect the village from destruction and attacks instilled in him the desire to defend the entire Yishuv. This way of confronting security challenges characterized Arik throughout his entire life. He earned his first renown during the reprisal operations of the 1950s. As the commander of the legendary Unit 101, Arik dramatically changed the IDF's self-image, and that of the young State of Israel.

He said that recognition that the Jewish State was established to return to the Jews the right and ability to defend themselves was at the basis of the reprisal operations. Today, not coincidently, we uphold the exact same principle. The current strength of the IDF is based on the values which were consolidated in the army during that period: comradeship, devotion to duty, initiative and resourcefulness, stationing commanders on the front lines, taking advantage of the enemy's weaknesses and an unwavering commitment to rescuing wounded soldiers.

The accomplishments of Unit 101 and the Paratroopers Brigade drove the entire army to aim for higher standards. It was the engine that pulled all the other cars behind it. I can tell you that as a young soldier, and even beforehand, I was greatly influenced by these values. My brothers and I wanted to serve in an elite unit because of these norms, which Arik instilled in the IDF and which we saw in him. When I met Meir Har-Zion in the unit – I met Arik. When I met Yitzhak Gibli – I met Arik. When I meet "Katcha" at Ammunition Hill every year – I meet Arik.

Arik fought not only in operations but also in Israel's wars. He inspired confidence and courage in his soldiers. During the War of Independence, he served as platoon commander and was severely wounded in Latrun. During the Six Day War, he led the impressive flanking maneuvers in the Sinai Peninsula. In the Yom Kippur War, he crossed the Suez Canal and surrounded the Egyptian army. I believe that was when the first seeds for the future peace accords between Israel and Egypt were sown. The Yom Kippur War provided, for those who needed final confirmation, that Arik was one of the finest and brightest commanders ever in the IDF. After the war, he began his long political career. As a minister in several Israeli governments, Arik contributed to settlement, agriculture, industry and the development of national infrastructures. I remember that we created the Ministry of Construction and Housing to provide homes for the many immigrants from the Former Soviet Union, which was very important work in and of itself, and of course for our foreign relations.

In my first term as Prime Minister, he was a minister in my government, and when he was elected Prime Minister, I was a minister in his government. We cooperated to bolster Israel's domestic and foreign strength. Without his backing, I could not have implemented the necessary reforms as Minister of Finance, opening the market up to competition, and other structural changes. I do not want to say that we agreed on everything; that was not the case. However, I always respected him, and thought highly of his personality and his commitment to Israel's future. I have never doubted that.

A decade and a half ago, two significant developments became intertwined. The first was a long and murderous wave of terror that claimed the lives of more than a thousand Israelis and left many thousands wounded. This wave reached its peak in March 2002, when more than 130 soldiers and citizens were murdered by Palestinian terrorists in that month alone.

Operation Defensive Shield, which Arik decided to launch, was the direct result of the escalation in violence. This operation severely damaged the terrorists' infrastructures. We maintain this operation's achievements by ensuring that the IDF can act and keeps the right to act in the Palestinian territories. Without this, this development would have been entirely different.

The second development is the growing threat posed to the free world by militant Islam, both from the militant Shiites led by Iran and the radical Sunnis led by al-Qaida, and later joined by ISIS. In the wake of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, Ariel Sharon, then Prime Minister, said, "The war against terrorism must be an international war, a war by a coalition of the free world against the forces of terrorism and all those who believe that they can threaten our freedom and our values. This is a war between good and evil – between humanity and those who thirst for blood. The way of the righteous, the humane and the free will be victorious."

We and the entire free world still face this challenge, but first and foremost it lies at our doorstep. We will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons. We will not allow it to open new terrorist fronts against us and we will act to stop Iran from passing dangerous advanced weaponry to our enemies. This is the way we will act against anyone who threatens our security.

Ariel Sharon left public life ten years ago due to unexpected circumstances. It happened a few months after the completion of the Disengagement Plan. Over the decade that followed, the Middle East underwent a far-reaching transformation. The entire region, the whole world, is in a state of turmoil. A political agreement that held for 100 years is imploding. I do not know what Arik would have thought or done today. I do not pretend to speak on his behalf, as some do. In general, I would say that the storm in our region obliges us to be all the more careful, alert and modest.

In Gaza, we got a Hamas terrorist base close to our border. Unfortunately, not only did delegating governmental responsibility in Gaza to the Palestinians not put us on the road to peace, it increased the arming of terrorist organizations, which fired thousands of rockets at the heart of our country. Therefore, it is our obligation and duty to learn the necessary lessons from this chapter at least.

I insist that two basic conditions be upheld in any agreement with the Palestinians, if reached: The first, Palestinian recognition of Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people; and second, that the entire territory west of Jordan be demilitarized, and that the IDF and other security forces will have security control over the area. In the Middle East as it is, as it really is, there is no substitute for this. If we do not act accordingly, we will find terrorist enclaves, the only difference between them being the color of their flag – green for Hamas, black for ISIS.

Because we stand firm against terrorism, we are respected by others. Many countries come here, including from Asia, Africa and Latin America. They come here because they recognize our strength in fighting against militant Islam and its terrorist proxies. They also recognize other strengths in Israel, certainly our military strength but also economic and technological strength, the strength of new Israel alongside Israel's strength of spirit.

It is possible that we do not see ourselves as others see us. I did not rank Israel among other countries –someone from the well-known Wharton School did so by sampling 16,000 people from four regions in the world. They ranked the State of Israel – you can argue with this ranking – as the eighth most powerful country in the world. The rankings were based on military strength, political influence and international alliances. The strength that Arik nurtured and believed in is our hope. It secures our existence and our future.

We never needed our neighbor's agreement to exist here. If we had, Israel would not have been established, nor would it have existed. On the contrary, we said that if we were strong enough, our enemies might abandon the idea that they could drive us out of here, but in any case, we will stay here. I believe that Arik wholeheartedly believed in this. I think he would have completely agreed with this. I know that these ideas guided his path.

Members of Knesset, two years after the passing of the 11th Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, we remember his activity and recognize his contribution to the State of Israel and its security.

May his memory be a blessing.
