Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokevisit050616



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara will leave on an official visit to Russia to mark the 25th anniversary of the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries.

The Prime Minister will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin and will discuss with him the implementation of the understandings that were achieved during his visit to Moscow this past April. They will also discuss various regional issues including the global fight against terrorism, the situation in and around Syria and the diplomatic horizon between Israel and the Palestinians, as well as bilateral economic and trade cooperation and the strengthening of cultural and humanitarian ties.

Pursuant to Prime Minister Netanyahu's efforts, a bilateral pensions agreement will be signed, the goal of which is to correct an historic injustice regarding emigres from the former USSR up to 1992 who lost their eligibility for a Russian pension. The agreement will be signed by Minister Zeev Elkin and Russian Labor and Social Protection Minister Maxim Topilin. The agreement will take effect only after ratification by the Russian authorities. The aspiration of both governments is for payments to begin in 2017.

An MOU will be signed – by Agriculture Minister Uri Ariel and Russian Agriculture Minister Alexander Tkachev – on cooperation in agriculture, the dairy industry and advanced dairy technology.

Prime Minister Netanyahu will dedicate the joint Foreign Ministry-Strategic Affairs Ministry interactive "Open a Door to Israel" exhibit.

Prime Minister and Mrs. Netanyahu will meet with members of the Russian Jewish community including Chief Rabbi of Russia Berl Lazar, Chief Rabbi of Moscow Pinchas Goldschmidt and Russian Jewish Congress President Yuri Kanner. They will also visit the armored corps museum in Moscow where the tank from the Battle of Sultan Yacoub is currently located. The tank will be returned to Israel in keeping with the request of the Prime Minister during his April visit. Russian President Putin recently signed an order regarding the repatriation of the tank.

Prime Minister Netanyahu will be accompanied by Minister Zeev Elkin and Minister Uri Ariel.