Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechjabotinsky070816

- Translation -

Jabotinsky was a man of the pen and of the sword. It is very hard to know which had more sway than the other: Jabotinsky's contribution to Hebrew culture, national awareness, as a writer, as a poet, as an elucidator of Zionism, as a graceful speaker; or his tremendous contribution to renewing our people's defensive shield, advancing the idea of a Hebrew army and instilling the fundamental outlook of the "Iron Wall", also adopted by his political opponents. Today almost everyone agrees with Jabotinsky's outlook, but I suggest that you read what people said about it back then, what they said and what they wrote and how they analyzed it. Maybe we do not need to use a scale to weigh which is the decisive one, the pen or the sword, as each of them together are significant elements in Jabotinsky's message of Zionism.

I must say that the interest in Jabotinsky has increased over the years. Amir Goldstein's new book about Jabotinsky, Derech Rabat Panim [Multi-Faceted Journey], has been sitting on my desk for several weeks. I suppose you know that even the prime minister occasionally has several moments during which he can lean back and page through a book and not just look at the cover. That happens too sometimes.

Amir Goldstein covers a great deal. He shows Jabotinsky's Zionist view, first and foremost in light of anti-Semitism. Jabotinsky was very good at analyzing the significance of the hatred against the Jews in the Diaspora. He had witnessed pogroms in Eastern Europe at the beginning of the 20th century, after which he decided to establish self-defense units. Three decades later, he experienced the outbursts of nationalist compulsions in the heart of allegedly civilized Europe.

We know that many did not heed Jabotinsky's warnings that time was short, that the volcano was threatening to erupt. No one, writes Goldstein, could have predicted the Holocaust before it happened. Well, that is debatable, but it is not what interests us right now. Because Goldstein adds, and I quote, "Compared with the rest of Zionist and Jewish leadership at the time, Jabotinsky saw the presence of a third dynamic, the earthquake overtaking European Jewry," and that is true. Jabotinsky was one of the few who did not ignore the severity of the danger. He called the 20th century the century of deceit. That's what he called it, the century of deceit, which so let down our hopes. He pointed out the forces of darkness, as he called them, which betrayed the values of the 19th century – belief in progress, liberalism, enlightenment, freedom – and this is what connects Jabotinsky's ideas with today.

Two earthquakes shook the world during the previous century, and again at the beginning of the 21st century, we witnessed another earthquake that still rocks the world today. The Nazis and Communism threatened the free societies of the 20th century; radical Islam threatens the free societies of the 21st century, both branches of radical Islam – the Shiite branch headed by Iran and the Sunni branch led by ISIS. Both branches aspire to plant their flag on the ruins of the free world.

Jabotinsky vehemently objected to ignoring the existential threat of the Nazis, and he was roundly criticized for it. He was called an alarmist, they said he was panicking, he was accused of being a warmonger, but he stood by his beliefs, including during his amazing speech in Warsaw on the eve of World War II. He stood by his beliefs and he was right. Today, as well, self-denial is not helpful.

The strengthening of radical Islam, including its attempts to acquire nuclear weapons, is an existential threat for us certainly, but also for other parts of the free world. Let me tell you, it is not just the free world under threat. The choice is clear: either we bear witness to an escalation of the threat and increased bloodshed, or the free world will pull it together and demonstrate willingness to mobilize as part of a broad, genuine and effective international front to stop this evil and remove the threat.

Israel stands strong at this forefront and has for many years. In the foreseeable future, we will need the determination and force that represents the idea of Jabotinsky's "Iron Wall." We are an advanced, prosperous and strong country that refuses to back down from our enemies and those who wish us harm. This is part of what brings us closer to many countries, including in our region. I inherited my policy of developing strength – and I believe it represents broad operational leeway – from my father, who inherited it from Jabotinsky. The weak do not survive. That is already clear in our region. The strong both survives and also can forge alliances, and with those alliances both national interest and peace can be advanced.

Amir Goldstein illustrates this when he includes passages from one of Jabotinsky's articles, a wonderful article he called The Helpful Storm. In it, he wrote that in matters relating to seamanship, use was made of the headwind: if two sailboats met in the ocean, once would sail eastwards and the other would sail westwards, even though the same wind moved them both. In other words, when there is a crisis, when there is a storm, there is also opportunity. Where there is a danger, there is also possibility. As the student of the student of Jabotinsky, I believe this and act accordingly.

The intense storm that has transpired the Middle East over the past several years includes not only negative effects, but it also has helped us by leading to an unprecedented closeness between ourselves and parties in our region who see us not as an enemy, but rather as a partner to repelling the threats we all face. This is a turning point that could be historic and provide an opening to advance peace.

Before everything, before taking advantage of the opportunities provided by the headwind, before identifying the dangers and foreseeing them, Jabotinsky first and foremost believed not only in a general threat to humanity, but in a specific threat that the enemies of the people of Israel posed to our very existence, and to that end, he believed in the need – an essential need and not just a moral principle – but in the essential need to renew our independence. He believed that this depended on renewing our defensive strength, what he called the "Iron Wall", and that was dependent on a third thing, what he called the Hebrew army.

My late father traveled to see him in the late 1930s in London, where he lived at the time, and convinced Jabotinsky – and you should read the protocols – to go to America, and when they arrived in America, the first thing they did was promote the Hebrew army. The Hebrew army means soldiers, uniforms, and here and there salutes as well. This was a foreign concept to the Jews. It was a perceptual revolution, and for this Jabotinsky was subjected to numerous insults, to scorn, to accusations that he was militaristic, a warmonger and above all a fascist. Sound familiar? This isn't new. I suggest that my colleagues read an article I read again this morning in the Encyclopaedia Hebraica. My father was the editor, but he did not write the article – it is the entry for fascism. You should read it. The idea is described, how it developed, what it means. There is a sentence in the entry that reads, "Among the Left, the custom to defame any opponent as a fascist is common." In other words, one of the ways one can define fascism these days is as a derogatory term the Left uses for its rivals.

This is not new; it started with Jabotinsky. One of the great leaders of this country and of our people was David Ben Gurion. I admire him a great deal and the longer I serve, I appreciate him more and more, but Ben Gurion called Jabotinsky – who was born, as you know, Vladimir Jabotinsky – he called him the flattering name Vladimir Hitler. He wrote a short booklet about the Revisionist movement and he gave it a title. One of the chapters, if I am not mistaken, was called "Jabotinsky in the footsteps of Hitler." Mordecai Namirovsky, whom you know as Mordecai Namir, wrote about the Revisionist movement, "Before us we have a clearly fascist organization, not only externally, but also at its political core and in its spiritual qualities."

These accusations of course continued from Jabotinsky to Begin. Again, Ben Gurion called Menachem Begin a clearly Hitler-like character. When Begin and the Likud took power, experts like Zeev Sternhall explained that there was a clear tendency to fascism. The Davar newspaper freely wrote, "Democracy must be defended and the emerging fascism must be stopped."

Today we will undoubtedly bring up Jabotinsky's democracy and his liberalism, and people will ask what the connection is between Jabotinsky's Likud and Begin's Likud. You said the same thing about Jabotinsky and about Begin, and it continues today. I just heard MK Herzog ask how the Yisrael Hayom newspaper can exist. It did not start today.

One of the things that Jabotinsky believed in was the idea of a free market, of competition, of the citizen having a choice, letting them choose. They can choose how to travel. Not just one kind of public transportation, but competition. They can choose between different commercial enterprises; they can choose between different opinions. Therefore, when we started to implement Jabotinsky's teachings – we did it in the economy, in public transportation, in air travel, in all the things controlled by one centralized way of thinking. It is very difficult to stop it now and we continue to implement it, but there is an stubborn fight to prevent competition in the communications market. In the United States, the Wall Street Journal supports one direction, the New York Times another direction, but no one says anything about it. In Britain, the Guardian supports one direction and the Times the other – no one says anything about a takeover. However, in Israel, God forbid if there is another opinion.

There was a completely different conception in Israel than Jabotinsky's. There was tremendous centralization in the economy, in communications, in all fields of life. We, and I include myself in this, in a great effort that began when the Likud took power in 1977, have been working to open up these monopolies to competition. I think this is the life's breath of democracy. Communications were greatly monolithic and everyone knows this, first under government control, and later on under the monolithic control of one group. When communications opened up, it was not only because of the public's need and its call for diversity, it is necessary for democracy.

I will say one thing, however: it is the right of every citizen not to be dictated to as to what they will hear, what they will watch, and I am not just speaking about public broadcasting. That has already been arranged, there will be public broadcasting. Let me say one thing: What I read today in one of the newspapers, which has one permanent track – it's called Yediot Aharonot, it has one track and one track is legitimate; it is part of democracy. Democracy is diverse and numerous voices, one next to this one, one next to that one – but in Yediot Aharonot, the truth was exposed and a senior commentator who writes for the paper almost exclusively, as well as being on television, said to put aside the public broadcasting, the real intention is to allow, may God protect us, competition with the commercial television channels. I plead guilty – I do want competition and I want there to be diversity in commercial broadcasts.

This is what the members of the opposition are fighting against, the opposition that praises freedom of expression. It is fighting against opening up the communications markets, against competition. Of course, this is not pluralism, this is not liberalism. It is one thing. It is not, by the way, fascism. It is closer to bolshevism. Every time, they yell their claims. Israel is democratic, Israel is open, Israel is prosperous, but you must allow competition in public discourse as well as in the media. The people will judge us in the ballot box, the people will rule the remote control. That is what Jabotinsky taught us.
