Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechknesst070316

-Translation-I heard the speakers complaining about the condition of the Foreign Ministry. They say that it is divided, that it is crushed, that it is carved up among several ministries. Who says this? Members of the Yisrael Beiteinu party, of Yesh Atid and of the Zionist Camp party. Well, it surprises me to hear these claims from you since you were the main partners in my previous governments. You didn't speak out against the situation then that you are complaining about now because the situation in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was exactly the same – exactly – as it is today.

The matter of the BDS movement, MK Nachman Shai, has been dealt with by the Ministry for Strategic Affairs and continues to be dealt with by the Ministry for Strategic Affairs. The Ministry for Regional Cooperation was a separate ministry and remains a separate ministry. By the way, going back to Shimon Peres and later Tzipi Livni, you must remember that negotiations with the Palestinians was separate and it remains separate, first with Tzipi Livni, who demanded that it be so, and later with Silvan Shalom. The strategic dialogue with the United States was separate and remains separate, first with Dan Meridor and then later with Yuval Steinitz. The Ministry for Diaspora Affairs was separate and remains so, first with Yuli Edelstein and then with Naftali Bennett. The Ministry of Public Diplomacy was separate and remains so. So nothing has changed. Nothing. While you served in these governments, I didn't hear a sound from you, not a word about this breakdown or this split. On the contrary: you supported it; you even asked for parts of it.

Only one thing has changed: the fact that you are in the opposition today. Since you joined the opposition, you lament the alleged shattering of the Foreign Ministry, which is a fiction. But you have another claim, which I heard you say: "At least then there was a full-time Foreign Minister". This can be argued, but one thing cannot be disputed: previously for nearly a year I served as Foreign Minister, and I did so at the explicit request of Avigdor Lieberman who did not want me to appoint anyone else – and the arrangement was made with the full support of Yair Lapid and Tzipi Livni as senior partners in the government, who today explain to us that this situation is untenable. So I am willing to accept suggestions for improvement. I am ready to accept recommendations for corrections. I am also ready to hear constructive criticism. However, my friends, one thing I am not willing to accept is your outrageous hypocrisy. You all understand that.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has done an excellent job, and I must tell you that it is working at a higher level of intensity than previously because more and more countries are strengthening their relations with Israel. We have relations – diplomatic relations to be precise – with 161 countries around the world, a number unprecedented in the history of Israel. There are not so many countries in the world. There are about 200, and we have diplomatic relations with 161 of them, but that does not mean we do not have other kinds of ties with dozens more countries. I can count on both hands the number of countries that do not have any ties with Israel and with which we do not have ties: North Korea, Iran, the Islamic State (ISIS), the Houtis. This is all true. However, we do have full diplomatic and other ties with the vast majority of countries. It is not Israel that is isolated in its ties to the international community, but rather the countries that do not have ties with Israel, and this number is continually decreasing.

We hear your remarks. You mention that which is familiar and known: the unilateralism Israel faces in the UN and other international forums, especially in Europe in certain countries you visit. In those countries the Muslim minority has joined with the anti-Semitic Left and they work against us. Some of this is new, but some of it is an old story. I dealt with it in the UN 30 years ago when I served as UN Ambassador, and several decades before that, Ben-Gurion rejected the routinely harsh criticism and slander against Israel in these organizations when he dismissively called it, "Um shmum" [Um is Hebrew for the UN].

So there is nothing new in this. However, what is new – and which you completely dismiss, what you carelessly dismiss – is the amazing growth in the number of countries that come here at an astonishing rate with the goal of strengthening ties with us. You call them small, inferior countries. There are those as well. The reason they come here is because today many countries, if not all of them, are afraid of the radical Islamist terrorist attacks that threaten them and the entire world. They know what Israel has. They know we have intelligence. They know we have operational expertise. They appreciate the IDF and our security organizations. They want to utilize these capabilities – and we willingly help them.

Moreover, many countries understand that were it not for Israel, were it not for the strength of Israel, this part of the Middle East would have collapsed long ago, and with it the entire region. It takes time to instill this understanding, but it is the absolute truth. Were it not for the State of Israel, the entire Middle East would have imploded under radical Islamist attack. It is true that we defend ourselves first and foremost, but at the same time we stop the spread of the terrorism that threatens those same countries, that threatens the entire world.

This is the reason that so many countries come here. We are not necessarily always the ones who initiate this contact as we simply do not have the means to do so on such a large scale. However, when they come, and they come one after the other with great vigor, we welcome them as best we can and we strengthen our ties with them.

However, there is a second reason that so many countries have come to Israel over the past several years, and that is that Israel is a stronghold of innovation and technological advancement in cyber, in energy, in medicine, in water, in agriculture, in industry, in many other areas. These countries wish to share in the fruits of our advancement, and we willingly accept. By the way, sometimes we cannot accept because of budgetary issues, and therefore we made another decision: I spoke of this with several government leaders in Europe, such as Chancellor Merkel, and we both agreed to provide assistance to a third country. Germany provides its resources, we provide the resources of our experts and bring their experts as well and that is how we are helping three African countries today. We are discussing a significant expansion into many other countries. That being the case, Israel's double equity on the front lines of the war against terrorism and at the forefront of development and progress make it one of the more desirable and courted countries. This is the truth. The numbers prove it.

That being said, I do not embellish the truth, because alongside this new positive trend that I described, there are bodies in the world tainted by an anti-Israel obsession. They seek every opportunity to censure us. The most prominent example is not necessarily the general institutions in the United Nations, but rather the UN Human Rights Council, an absurd body that dedicates 60% of its resolutions not against human rights violations in Iran, North Korea or Syria, but rather against the only democracy in the Middle East.

As I said, in Europe there is the same joining up of Islamist groups with anti-Semitic groups with the explicit goal of denouncing and boycotting us, rejecting our very existence. In other words, this is not relevant criticism of the State of Israel, but rather an evil attempt to reject our right to exist here in any borders. I expect you, members of the opposition – you who know the truth – to stand beside us in this just struggle. You are very familiar with my repeated calls to Abbas to begin negotiations that should eventually lead to a dismantled Palestinian state – dismantled by us, not by anyone else – that recognizes the Jewish state. What is the plan? That is the plan, even if it cannot be implemented today – and I am not the only one saying that. Many good people say so, including MK Herzog, including world leaders.

But if there is something that is preventing progress in any kind of contact or opening any kind of negotiations even on other steps, preliminary steps, the party preventing that is not the State of Israel. Anyone familiar with the details, and you are familiar with the details, knows this simple truth. And still you point an accusatory finger and blame Jerusalem instead of Ramallah when you know that what I am saying is true. Well, I expect you to side with the truth, you who know the truth. By the way, when you do so, I appreciate it and I also express my appreciation. It is what I demanded of myself when I was in the opposition, even when I had differences of opinion with the government. It is what you should do. You should stand with us in a united front against the hatred, the threats and the initiatives that endanger the country's existence, against the false claims.

I heard one false claim here today. I heard that we could have had a UN resolution at the end of the fight in Gaza, and by the way, we had international support for Operation Protective Edge. We worked hard for it alongside the military operation, and this let us conduct the war without international pressure, without UN Security Council resolutions. Why? You claim that we suffer from political isolation. How did we manage to conduct this war for such a long period, and conduct it in a logical manner, including ground operations inside Gaza? And we were not presented with any Security Council diktats. Apparently we are not as isolated as you describe.

Moreover, at the end of this campaign, we were not presented with a single Hamas condition. They got nothing from us. However, we also did not go for an arrangement in the Security Council that has no validity. Would an arrangement or determination by the Security Council that Gaza be demilitarized actually demilitarize Gaza? Did the Security Council determine that South Lebanon and Lebanon would be demilitarized in Resolution 1701? I heard MK Livni say this, "1701!". Well, at the end of the war there were 15,000 missiles and rockets in Lebanon, and today there are 100,000, proving that this resolution is meaningless.

You who know the truth should stand by the truth. Here is the truth: in 2015, 316 official representatives of various countries visited Israel – presidents, prime ministers, foreign ministers, defense ministers, et cetera. The Minister of Defense handed me a note listing all the meetings he had over the past several weeks with defense ministers. I don't want this speech to go on too long and I could read you a list of all the meetings I held with heads of state but we would be here until tomorrow. But on average, there are visits in Israel nearly every day. There were times, as you recall, and I certainly remember from my childhood, that such meetings were reported in the newsreels at the movies. There were Carmel Newsreels and Geva Newsreels, and they would announce, "A Visit in Israel". Some head of state would visit and it got three minutes in the newsreels. But today, such visits are barely covered on television, and sometimes have no coverage at all.

Let me give you an example. While you were talking about political isolation, I was at a luncheon with the President of Romania, Klaus Werner Iohannis. It was a friendly and important meeting, one of many. I wonder if there will be any reference to it on television on the evening news. Tomorrow, as you know, US Vice President Joe Biden is coming to Israel. While all of this is happening, we are holding a discussion about political isolation in the Knesset. Let me tell you something: it is good to have such discussions because this allows us to take a break from the wave of visits with which we are truly flooded. In 2015, there was a 30% increase in the number of visits when compared with 2014. Well, as far as I can remember, in 2014 we had a full-time foreign minister. In other words, your claims are irrational and do not reflect the complex yet positive state of Israel's relations with countries around the world. The number of visits is so high that sometimes I say, "For God's sake, can we have some political isolation so that we can breathe a little?!?"

This week, as I said, Vice President Joe Biden will visit, as did the Chinese and the Indians and the Japanese and the Russians and the Africans – maybe you don't take them into account, but I think you should – and the Latin Americans and the Americans. Joe Biden's visit is an expression of the strong relations between Israel and its greatest and most important ally. There are those among us who have already eulogized – I heard you today eulogizing the collapse of relations between Israel and the United States. I protested the dangerous agreement with Iran and we worked against it as best we could, and I am certain that were it not for our efforts, including the sanctions, to resist the agreement – if it were not for these things and other actions, I am certain Iran would have nuclear weapons today. But it does not and we did everything to ensure that it will not.

But as part of this effort, yes, I went to the American Congress and told them, "This is something that requires the Prime Minister of Israel to speak with the American Congress." And you called it the collapse of our relations. There was no such collapse, there is no such collapse and there will not be one. However, I do want to tell you that just last week, Gallup published a new poll. Every year, Gallup does a survey with the same question about the American public's attitude towards Israel and they have done so consistently for decades. The data shows very strong support for Israel. It shows a very clear increase over time. I picked a year that would certainly interest you, 2009, the year I established my second government. The rate of support for Israel at that time was 63%; in 2015 it reached 71%. It was not a jump, it is a continuous increase including, they point out, over the past year. This support crosses both political lines and parties.

With regard to Europe and European countries – because that is different from the European Union – we are not giving up on them, and they are not giving up on us either. Over the past several months, I have met with various leaders from European countries: Italian Prime Minister Renzi, Dutch Prime Minister Rutte, Bulgarian Prime Minister Borisov visited here recently, and Chancellor Merkel. Now, something interesting happened with that. It was a very important visit, very important in its political aspects, which I described with regard to Africa, in its economic aspects and also in its security aspects. It was a very successful visit. After I returned, there was an article published that Chancellor Merkel was furious. It was published in a German paper and immediately made noise here in Israel, because anything that could point out the unstable situation in Israel vis-à-vis the world makes noise here. Well, one or two days later Chancellor Merkel's spokesperson calls the ambassador and expresses their amazement at these publications, saying that the visit was excellent, wanting to emphasize the good relations and brave personal tie between Merkel and me, seeking to understanding what crisis was being referred to.

I understand the narrative. Everything must be dark, everything lost, in order to ignore what is really happening here, which is unprecedented in Israel's history. Almost all the countries around the world have ties with us, want such ties and want to strengthen them. There are also attempts to slander us, boycott us. It is true. And they are focused, most if not all of them, not in the Arab world, but rather in the Western world and primarily in part of Western Europe.

In addition, we are strengthening our relations with two of the democracies in the eastern Mediterranean Basin: Greece and Cyprus. Members of Knesset, we are conducting ongoing, open and serious dialogue with Russia. I speak with President Putin often, once every few weeks. We agreed to establish a coordinating mechanism during the important meeting we held in Moscow, and we set up a hotline for security coordination between the IDF and the Russian army, and it is used daily. We never had such a thing before. In Asia, world powers like China, India and Japan are developing their relations with us. Three years ago, I visited China, and since then every few weeks a senior Chinese delegation comes to Israel. They are interested in Israel; they invest in Israel. I just heard from one of the Knesset members that the Israeli Police Union received an invitation to China from its Chinese counterpart.

When I am here, my colleagues constantly bring me invitations from around the world, and it happens every day. I visited Japan and the Prime Minister of Japan visited Israel. I met with the Prime Minister of India, another small country as far as you're concerned. I met with my friend Narendra Modi more than once. Several months ago, the President of India visited Israel for the first time. The relations between India and Israel, the economic, commercial and general ties between us are strengthening and increasing, and they are very important for the State of Israel. We are a very small country that needs a small slice of a huge market, and we have that in China, in India, in Japan and in other countries. That is how we are ensuring growth. Growth will not occur without an ability to export to markets, and we must diversify our markets. And I am doing so in a logical manner, and the employees of the Foreign Ministry, by the way, are dealing with this as well, and are doing so faithfully.

Our ties with Latin American countries are also increasing. The new president of Argentina officially announced a positive change in his country's policy regarding Israel. Last week I was present at the establishment of a new lobby in the Knesset, the Africa-Israel Friendship Lobby. Africa is returning to Israel, Israel is returning to Africa. Nearly all African countries want to strengthen their ties with us. The president of Kenya invited me to visit the continent, and I intend to do so this summer, and visit several countries. Many, many leaders have expressed interest that I visit in their countries. It will be the first visit of an Israeli prime minister in Africa in two decades.

In other words, what we see here is that in Asia, Africa, Latin America, in Australia too, across the entire continent and of course in Europe, in all these countries – the United States goes without saying – contacts are expanding, becoming stronger. I ask one thing of them: In all my meetings with heads of state from Asia, Latin America and Africa, I tell them explicitly that I would like to see the closeness between our countries expressed in a change in their voting patterns in international forums. There is a lag here, I do not deny it. It exists. The old patterns still hold in international forums in the European Union, in the Union of African States and also in various UN organizations. However, this process is beginning to change, and it is only a question of time before our bilateral relations will also be reflected in multinational forums. We are at the beginning of this process, but the key is first and foremost to demand, not because of self-flagellation and not by begging, but rather by saying, "You want things from us; we want things from you." This is called reciprocity. It is a long process, but if we do not start asking or if we keep our heads down and say that these absurd resolutions passed in international forums are our fault, we will never get out of it.

I deliberately left our relations with the Arab world for the end, the same Arab world in which key countries decided to declare Hezbollah a terrorist organization. This is a very important development. It is even astonishing, but what is no less astonishing is that two parties here in the Knesset condemned this decision by the Gulf States. I wish to ask you: Will you still condemn them when Hezbollah fires rockets on your villages? Does it distinguish between Jews and Arabs? It wants to destroy the country; you are citizens of this country; you are in this country. Have you gone mad? Excuse the expression, but you criticize the Gulf States for declaring Hezbollah a terrorist organization? So there are big changes in the Arab world, even if they have not yet spread to certain sections of the Knesset. I can say that many countries in our region currently better understand that Israel is not their enemy; Israel is on their side in their fight against Iran and ISIS.

These new contacts, I believe, have great potential for changing the political reality of the region. They give hope for a better future for all the peoples of the Middle East. I hope that these ties will also assist in advancing our relations with the Palestinians, or at least those Palestinians who want to live with us in peace.

Members of Knesset, this is a true snapshot of Israel's standing in the international arena. There are still problems, there are still provocations, but there is also a tremendous flowering in our relations with countries around the world. As a responsible government, we will continue to strengthen our ties with these countries, and I am convinced that the political momentum we are witnessing will continue and even increase. There will be more obstacles, there will be pitfalls, but there is a clear trend that cannot be denied: Israel is becoming a leading and influential player on the regional and global stage, beyond our numeric and geographic size.

In a Wharton study that surveyed 16,000 people in four different regions, Israel was ranked the 8th most powerful country in the world. I cannot guarantee this ranking, but it does show exactly what I have been trying to say here. This is an unprecedented position for Israel, one we never attained before. This position is the result of our strength and our consistent and determined policy. The way to preserve this position is not to weaken ourselves through dangerous compromises. This is the only thing that can harm our position. The way to strengthen our position is to continue growing stronger in all areas. This is what we have been doing, and we will continue to do so.
