Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventtour090216

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today toured the eastern fence (on the Israel-Jordan border). He was briefed on the progress in the fence's construction and was accompanied by Transportation and Road Safety – and Intelligence – Minister Yisrael Katz, IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Gadi Eisenkot, GOC Southern Command Maj.-Gen. Eyal Zamir, 80th Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Rafi Milo and Defense Ministry Fence Authority Brig.-Gen. Eran Ofir.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We are preparing a multi-year plan to, in effect, surround the entire State of Israel with security fences in order to defend ourselves in the Middle East as it is and as it is expected to be. We are also preparing a plan to close the breaches in the security fence in Judea and Samaria. This will cost many billions and will be spread over [several] years. We are now working on the prioritization in order to build it gradually and to complete this plan for the good of the security of the State of Israel.

The advantage of the construction here and along the Egyptian border is that there are no buildings close to the fence, not one kilometer away and not two kilometers away, that could present problems."

Question: "And what is being done where they are digging tunnels?"

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We are doing other things but we will not describe them here."

Question: "Why only thirty kilometers? What will be after this 30-kilometer section?"

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We are discussing it. In the end, in the State of Israel, as I see it, there will be such a fence that surrounds it in its entirety. They tell me: Is this what you want to do, defend the villa? The answer is yes. What, are we going to surround the entire State of Israel with a fence, a barrier? The answer is yes, unequivocally. In the environment in which we live we must defend ourselves from the wild beasts."

Question: "Sir, what do you think about the leaks from the Security Cabinet?"

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We will let you know."

The eastern fence will protect the airport that is being built at Timna and will have lookout points.

The cost of building the 30-kilometer section (from Eilat to the Samar dunes) of the fence and protective measures for the Timna airport is NIS 288 million.

Prime Minister Netanyahu then toured the international airport being built at Timna. Airports Authority senior officials briefed him on the progress of the project.
