Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechdagan200316

-Translation-

Bina, Noa, Dan and Nitzan,

Dear Grandchildren and members of the Huberman-Dagan family,

The people of Israel and all of Meir's friends and colleagues who are here with us are mourning with you, led by our President Reuven Rivlin and former President Shimon Peres.

A bold fighter and an accomplished commander is being buried in Rosh Pinna today. Rosh Pinna is an old and prosperous town that symbolizes one of Zionism's greatest achievements: the renewal of Jewish settlement in our country. Meir Dagan, who is buried here, symbolized another significant Zionist achievement: the ability to fight and stand firm against our enemies in the battle for our nation's survival. These two things are interdependent. In his poem, "Rosh Pinna", Shlomo Skulsky wrote the eternal lines, "You do not conquer the top of the mountain if there is no grave on its slope."

Meir was born on a freezing train in Siberia in the winter of 1945, when his family fled the Nazis. This was a formative experience, and the President correctly observed that it was a major influence on him. It was joined later by the well-known photo depicting the humiliation of Meir's grandfather by SS soldiers in the Polish town of Łuków. He never forgot the sight of his helpless grandfather, who was brutally murdered moments after the photo was taken. At the critical moments, no one came to the Jews' rescue. Meir always remembered that, and we should always remember that. In the moment of truth, we must be able to defend ourselves by ourselves and not be dependent on the mercy of others.

From the moment Meir put on the IDF uniform for the first time, he was resolved to do all he could to prevent Israel from facing the threat of annihilation again. Meir bravely fought on the battlefields and demonstrated courage in fighting against terrorism. The Rimon unit under his command, which also fought against terrorists in Gaza, strengthened the Iron Wall that guards us. Meir was awarded the Medal of Courage in 1971 after he tackled a terrorist in Gaza, thereby saving his soldiers' lives. He continued to advance in the army until he reached the rank of major-general.

However, even after his discharge from the army, he was engaged in security activities. As an experienced and creative operations officer, he contributed to bolstering Israel's strength, both by fighting against terrorism and by heading the Mossad. I worked with Meir for several years – during my first term as Prime Minister when I appointed him Head of the Counter-Terrorism Bureau, and during my subsequent terms.

I was always impressed by his love for Israel and his patriotism. A decade-and-a-half ago, he said in his direct and decisive manner, "As far as I can see, terrorism will not stop in the next hundred years." I do not know if it will take a hundred years or not. All I know is that we are in the midst of an ongoing battle against our enemies. It did not begin today, nor will it end tomorrow. However, just as we defeated terrorism in the past, we will do so in the present and in the future –through our resolve, inner strength and unity.

Meir Dagan was aware of the dangers posed by radical Islam, whose strength keeps increasing. He considered Islamist fanaticism a real threat that must not be ignored. He was fully devoted to the mission of bolstering Israel's deterrent strength, intelligence and ability to thwart attacks by using covert, groundbreaking methods that pushed the boundaries of imagination. I remember sitting in either my or his office, looking at a photo while he would outline the operation to me, usually in the presence of men and women, both veterans and young. When he would end the presentation there would be silence and I remember bursting out in laughter because his idea was so bold and audacious, a real example of Israeli chutzpah, Meir's chutzpah. I say this in the presence of anonymous fighters who are with us here today because another thing is clear – so that the people of Israel will be able to sleep well at night, there are those among us, few but important, who are always on alert.

The State of Israel and other countries enjoy the fruits of the important work done by Meir and his friends. The legacy of his boldness is instilled in his subordinates. In the ever-changing Middle East, there are risks that must be minimized as much as possible and there are opportunities that must be seized to the fullest. Among the opportunities I include our growing cooperation with Arab countries, and in some cases the seeds were sown during Meir's term as the Director of the Mossad.

When Meir got sick, I was among those who searched for a way, any way to help him. I followed his prognosis and hoped he would overcome his suffering. For a moment it seemed as if he made it through. Unfortunately for all of us, Meir's strength gave out. He was taken from us prematurely and it is a serious loss.

In his final days, during Chanukah, I chose the person to lead the Mossad from among three excellent candidates, all of whom were Meir's students. I wanted to hear the opinion of a fine and experienced fighter and commander and I took his opinion into consideration. Meir was a great fighter for Israel's security.

Thank you Meir for your devoted service to our people, our land and our country. Your work will continue to be inscribed in our people's history.

May your memory be a blessing.
