Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechentebbe100716

-Translation-

It has been forty years since Entebbe, where we stood just days ago, and six words tell the entire story: We've come to take you home. Home was very far away from Uganda, 3,800 kilometers away, and during their captivity, it must be admitted, some of the hostages, if not most of them, lost hope that they would see their homes again. However, if they could not come to Israel on their own, Israel would come to them and bring them back to safety.

Thirty-one years after the Holocaust, we received unequivocal proof about the importance of having a national home. When news of the selection process conducted by the Arab and German terrorists reached Israel, the memories from the period of the Holocaust flooded over us. Amir Ofer, a soldier in the Matkal Special Forces Unit, was the first to breach the terminal in Entebbe. In the moments preceding this action, he thought of his mother who, at the age of nine was sent to distant relatives in Poland by her mother, Amir's grandmother, one day before World War Two began. The very next day, Germany bombed Poland. A nine-year-old girl without her parents, endured a war for survival every day for the next six years, during which nearly all her family was murdered. Amir said that the fact that we beat two German terrorists, two evil people who did not hesitate in separating women and children, even people with numbers tattooed on their arms who had already survived one German selection process. For him, it was closure.

The bold rescue mission demonstrated the long journey we took from Auschwitz to Entebbe. We were no longer helpless, abandoned to fate. We have strength. We have decisiveness. We are mutually responsible for one another. We have cohesion and unity during crises. Even before Entebbe, from the Sabena hijacking to the Savoy Hotel attack, and many other rescue operations, the rule was that if we knew where the hostages were, we would act to free them. But with Entebbe, this rule was forcefully exercised on a global scale with an unprecedented rescue operation, the boldest rescue operation in history, an operation that affected other countries as well.

The long arm of the State of Israel reaches every place where danger threatens us must be confronted. It reached then; it reaches now; if necessary, it will reach tomorrow too. Not everything is known, not everything is made public, but bold actions for Israel's security take place all the time, some thousands of kilometers from home. We liberated the hostages at Entebbe, which was the goal of the mission, but we did not only free them. The operation also helped end the evil and brutal reign of Idi Amin, under which millions of Ugandans suffered. He murdered approximately half a million of his own people.

Last week, I visited Uganda. It was the first stop in an important visit in Africa, a visit that has far-reaching political, security and economic importance. With 40 year's perspective, we can see the tremendous change taking place in the world. Africa is opening up to Israel, which has become a global force in the fields of counter-terrorism and technology and innovation.

In Uganda, Israel is synonymous with an aspiration for freedom that was realized and an uncompromising fight against international terror. We are not the only ones who stood taller after the operation. Countries of the Free World, some of which lost their faith in their strength and righteousness found the courage to start resolutely fighting terror, especially the plague of plane hijackings that had swept over the world. As the years passed terror changed, but the principle remained the same – to fearlessly fight terror.

Forty years have passed since the rescue operation in Entebbe. The late prime minister, Yitzhak Rabin, deserves great respect for the leadership and courage he showed when he decided to send our forces to Uganda. Minister of Defense Shimon Peres was a senior partner in approving the operation. He met with the forces, and having been very impressed with them, he pushed for the mission. Also worthy of praise on the operational side: the Chief of General Staff Motta Gur, Head of the Operations Branch at GHQ Kuti Adam, Commander of the Air Force Benny Peled, Operation Commander Dan Shomron, Commander of the Paratroopers Matan Vilnai, Commander of the Golani Brigade Uri Sagi and the Commander of the Matkal Special Forces Unit, my brother Yoni.

Also of note is the role played by the Mossad, headed by Yitzhak Hofi. One of his anonymous agents obtained invaluable intelligence before the operation, thereby greatly helping its realization. But even after receiving this intelligence, our forces – the Paratroopers, the Golani Brigade, the Medical Corps and the Matkal Special Forces Unit – took on the unknown with extraordinary courage. They arrived at Entebbe in four C-130 Hercules planes, and the pilots flew the troops in with bravery and expertise. The operation exceeded expectations. In less than one hour, the Special Forces troops vanquished the Ugandan guards and soldiers, killed the terrorists, released the hostages and destroyed the MiG fighter jets that may have endangered our forces on their way back to Israel.

We remember the Israelis killed in Uganda – Ida Boruhovitch, Pasco Cohen and Jean-Jacques Mimouni, and Dora Bloch, who was murdered the next day under orders from Idi Amin. The Paratrooper Surin Hershko was gravely wounded. Surin, I salute your incredible heroism. Surin the gracious: We have been meeting with you for 40 years now, Surin, and I am impressed – there is no other word for it – each time we meet, and even when we don't meet, I am impressed by your graciousness, by your incredible strength, by your determination to continue living your live, learning, creating. It is astonishing. We love you with all our hearts.

I heard about the operation when I was a student in Boston in the United States. I felt tremendous pride, and that pride intertwined with the Fourth of July celebrations marking the bicentennial of American independence, which celebrated the principle of human liberty. When I heard the news, I immediately called my brother Iddo and asked him if he had already heard from Yoni. There was no question that he was there, that was obvious. Iddo told me he would get back to me. When he didn't call back for hours, I listened to the news and they reported one officer killed. I wondered why they said one officer and not one soldier. When Iddo didn't call me back for so many long hours, I knew in my heart that our beloved brother Yoni had been killed. I then travelled for seven hours from Boston to Cornell University in New York where my father taught so that I could tell my parents in person that their eldest son had died. I will never forget my parents' cry of anguish, which filled the house and will stay with me for the rest of my life.

It has been forty years since the great achievement at Entebbe, but the cost for the five families has been terrible. Yoni's death was traumatic for me, my parents, my brother Iddo and Yoni's girlfriend Bruria. His death changed the course of our lives. When I visit bereaved families whose loved ones died in battle or in a terrorist attack, I suffer with them as I suffered with my parents throughout their years of grief, all the rest of their years.

Our only comfort is the pride we take in having heroes such as those in Entebbe and in our security services, heroes who are willing to risk their lives time after time, who believe in the righteousness of our path and who are willing to sacrifice that which is most precious so that we, their brethren, can live in the land of Israel. This is the deeper meaning of Operation Jonathan. It will forever be remembered as part of the never-ending courage of our fighters and as part of the story of the rebirth of the people of Israel in its land.
