Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestatement140916



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu released the following statement on the memorandum of understanding with the United States:

"In a short while, in Washington DC, a historic agreement will be signed between the United States and Israel. This agreement will ensure an unprecedented level of security assistance to Israel over the coming decade. This is the largest military assistance package that the United States has ever given to any country.

The agreement will assist us in continuing to build up our military strength and in continuing to improve our missile defense. This is of course a very important achievement for the State of Israel, and Israeli citizens can rightly be proud of it.

I would like to thank President Obama and his administration for this historic agreement. I also thank our many, many friends in the American Congress and among the American people for their great support, which crosses party lines and embraces the length and breadth of the United States. Many in the United States understand that investment in the security of Israel strengthens the stability of the unstable Middle East and serves not only our security interests but those of the United States as well.

I would like to thank the negotiating team I appointed, led by Acting National Security Advisor and Head of the National Security Council, Brig.-Gen. (ret.) Jacob Nagel and the head of the IDF General Staff Planning Directorate, Maj.-Gen. Amikam Norkin. They did outstanding work, responsibly, discreetly and professionally, until they achieved the optimal result.

This agreement illustrates a simple truth: relations between Israel and the United States are strong and steadfast. This does not mean that we do not have disagreements from time to time, but these are disagreements within the family. They have no effect on the great friendship between Israel and the United States, a friendship that is expressed in this agreement, which will greatly assist us in continuing to build up Israel's strength in the coming decade."