Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventconf060916



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks today at a joint press conference with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte:

"I am prepared to meet with Abu Mazen at any time for direct talks without preconditions. I have said this hundreds of times and I am reiterating it now. I do not care about the place be it in Holland, Moscow or anywhere else – this is not a problem, and it certainly could be in Moscow. I have said this to President Putin. I said this on Sunday to his envoy Bogdanov. The main question is, of course, whether Abu Mazen is prepared to meet without preconditions? We hear contradictory reports about this. Just yesterday Palestinian spokespersons made it clear that they are ready to meet but they have conditions – releasing prisoners, they want to know if the talks will have results, etc. If Abu Mazen is ready to meet for direct talks without preconditions, I am ready at any time. I have been calling on him to do this for almost seven years already and if he agrees to do this – there will be a meeting."

Regarding the High Court of Justice decision, the Prime Minister said:

"I respect the decisions of the High Court of Justice. I think that they are making things clear. The responsible minister on this matter is the Minister of Labor; he will decide – according to law – which work projects are urgent , and they will be done, even on Shabbat if need be, and work projects that are not urgent will be done during the week. This is a proper order; I think that this is correct and I think that it will put an end to this affair, and all citizens of Israel – ultra-orthodox and secular alike – need to act according to this ruling and this decision."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also said:

"We are prepared to work with our friends in Europe in our effort in the war against terrorism and in our successful effort to have our state, our democracy, and – at the same time – afford security to our citizens. I think that Europe is very interested in this."