Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventhp200116



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today at the

World Economic Forum

in Davos, met with Hewlett Packard Enterprise President and CEO Meg Whitman, expressed his appreciation for Hewlett Packard's connection with Israel and reviewed the many reasons why technology cooperation, especially in cyber, was worthwhile.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Hewlett Packard Enterprise President and CEO Whitman discussed the potential possibilities in both northern and southern Israel vis-à-vis expanding HP's activity. Whitman noted her company's long-standing commitment to Israel, including billions of dollars in investments, and added that HP currently employs over 5,000 workers in Israel. She expressed HP's appreciation for Israeli initiatives and innovation and noted that they contribute to the company around the world. Also discussed was the expansion of HP's activity in Israel especially in 3-D printing and cyber.

Before his meeting with Meg Whitman, Prime Minister Netanyahu met with UBER co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick.

Tomorrow morning Prime Minister Netanyahu will meet with US Vice President Joe Biden and afterwards with US Secretary of State John Kerry. He will also meet with Argentine President Mauricio Macri and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte.

The Prime Minister will hold a unique meeting with global cyber industry senior figures and managing directors on advancing cyber defense. Participants will discuss cyber threats to information and physical systems and their implications on the development and assimilation of innovative technologies, and evaluate the economic, social and strategic risks posed by these threats. They will also consider the unique cooperation required between governments and the business sector in order to be prepared to ensure the ability to use the cyber revolution for the benefit of global social welfare and economic growth.

Prime Minister Netanyahu will also hold a public dialogue, on the World Economic Forum's main stage, with senior CNN correspondent Fareed Zakaria.

The Prime Minister will present the opportunities the State of Israel is offering to multi-national companies and emphasize the technological leadership of the Israeli high-tech industry in order to expand cooperation between these companies and Israeli companies and encourage investment and acquisitions in Israel.

Prime Minister Netanyahu is being accompanied to Davos by Prime Minister's Office Director General Eli Groner, National Economic Council Chairman Prof. Avi Simhon and National Cyber Bureau Head Dr. Eviatar Matania.