Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventtheresamay060217



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at #10 Downing Street in London, met with British Prime Minister Theresa May and made the following remarks:

"Thank you Prime Minister. Thank you for your warm welcome. I would say that it reflects the strength of the partnership between Israel and Britain. I know that all the people of Israel share with me the congratulations we offer to Queen Elizabeth today, 65th anniversary of accession to the throne. What you say is very true, there's a very strong bond between us.

Behind my desk in the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem I have two photos, only two photos: One is of Theodor Herzl, the founder of our national movement and our modern Moses and the other is of Winston Churchill. And these two leaders personify our commitment to the values of freedom and our common civilization. These values create for us great opportunities. Our cooperation in trade and in technology, I think makes our people more prosperous. Our cooperation in security, including cyber security, makes our people safer and I hope to have the opportunity to discuss how we can strengthen that cooperation to make our people still safer and still more prosperous.

Equally we face challenges, very clear, from militant Islam and especially from Iran. Iran seeks to annihilate Israel. It says so openly. It seeks to conquer the Middle East. It threatens Europe; it threatens the West; it threatens the world. And it offers provocation after provocation. That's why I welcome President Trump's insistence on new sanctions against Iran. I think other nations should follow soon, certainly responsible nations.

And I’d like to talk to you on how we can ensure that Iran's aggression does not go unanswered. Equally, I want to assure you that we share with you the desire for peace and this is our dream from day one. And we will never give up on our quest for peace with all of our neighbors. I think there are challenges there but there are some new and interesting opportunities because of these regional and global changes. And I'd like to discuss that with you.

I, again, thank you for you warm welcome and I thank you for your commitment to the powerful friendship between Britain and Israel."