Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechbible020517

Translation

From time to time, when I am at this event, I say that have I studied the Bible, and I went to school here, just a few paces away. My son won the National Bible Quiz, and then was the runner-up at the International Bible Quiz, when he got the Prime Minister's question wrong. My high school never had a bible quiz winner, and I've wondered: When will we have an international quiz winner from a secular school?

Because the Bible is the foundation for us all. You, Sagiv, did it. Congratulations, you are a champion, and congratulations to Naomi as well. This unites us and strengthens us.

There is no statute of limitation on the Bible. The opposite is true: what most characterizes the Bible is that it is constantly renewed. Each generation finds resolutions to the challenges of its time in the Bible, and every generation adds layers to the achievements of the people in the Bible. Incidentally, this year we will mark several significant anniversaries of central events in our national revival. The bible guided us in each of these events. The first Zionist Congress convened in Basel 120 years ago, and the following verse from the Book of Deuteronomy opened the Congress: "What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted? Let him go and return unto his house."

No one returned to their home, the delegates remained there and advanced the process that eventually led to the establishment of the State of Israel. Two decades later, the British government published the Balfour Declaration, in support of establishing a national home for the Jewish people in the land of Israel. Many considered this declaration a reiteration of the biblical Cyrus Declaration. In fact, the Bible ends with Cyrus giving permission to the Jews of his kingdom to move to Israel.

Seventy years ago, on November 29, the United Nations General Assembly resolved to establish a Jewish state in the Land of Israel. By the way, "a Jewish state in the Land of Israel" was specifically stated. This resolution symbolized for us the light of liberty, and therefore the following verse from Genesis intimates it: "Let me go, for the dawn is breaking." Fifty years ago, Jerusalem was liberated in the Six Day War. I will not delve into the centrality of Jerusalem in the Bible, since this is what we have been doing here for the past two hours, but I will say one thing: This is precisely the power of the Bible. Its verses link past and present, and also outline the future for us. They encourage us to renew our days as of old.

I have also resumed the Prime Minister's Bible class in honor of my beloved father-in-law, Shmuel Ben-Artzi. The Bible was his entire being, and, as you know, it passed on to the next generation. Every Shabbat, especially when my son comes home from the army, we read the weekly Torah portion and the haftarah. I always learn something from Grandpa Shmuel's grandson. On this festive day, I deeply appreciate the eternal connection between our people, the People of the Book, and our land, the Land of the Bible.

We are one people, with one bible and one homeland. This is where home is, and I believe that all the young people who came here from abroad to participate in this contest feel that this is their country, this is their home. So here's the plan; I ask you to go home, tell you family about your experiences in Israel, and then come back here with them. We're waiting for you with open arms.

I congratulate all the participants, who impressed us with their knowledge, and of course the winners, for their wonderful proficiency. Mazal Tov to the winners of the contest, and thank you very much. Happy Independence Day!
