Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzlday080517

- Translation -Herzl’s image and the enormous enterprise he created are at the forefront of our minds every single day. We see a picture of him here in the Knesset plenum. There is a statue of Herzl at the entrance to the Prime Minister’s Office and I have a photo of him prominently displayed in my office as well. Next to Herzl’s picture is a depiction of Moses. In many ways, Herzl was a modern Moses: a redeemer of the people, someone who paved our path to freedom and planted the seeds for our rebirth. Moses led us in the desert for 40 years. Herzl wrote in his diary after the First Zionist Congress that within 50 years, we would reach the Promised Land. Moses took the enslaved Israelites and freed them from bondage. Herzl instilled pride in the downcast Diaspora communities and marked the target: a Jewish state.

I recently read the new edition of Stefan Zweig’s wonderful book The World of Yesterday. In his book, Zweig describes his first meeting with Herzl, when he submitted an article he wrote for a newspaper that Herzl edited. He was amazed. Later in his book, he also describes their other meetings. But the passage that most moved me – and I think moves most people – in this incredible book is where Zweig describes Herzl’s funeral in Vienna in 1904, after his sudden death. He describes how Jews from all over the world came in droves to the funeral of the great leader, all wrapped in mourning. They came from Constantinople, Hungary, Bulgaria – Jews flowed into Vienna for the funeral, and most of them felt as if their world had ended. The leader was dead, the savior was dead – the vision was dead and the dream broken.

But the dream was not dead. It even gained momentum after Herzl’s death because Herzl was a true prophet and his message was eternal. He had a strong and passionate belief that he was right and he had tremendous political genius. He foresaw the dangers, but he also had the ability to approach leaders as equals in order to present his positions to them, as well as to play up their own interests.

Herzl was the first Jewish statesman of the modern era – he was Jewish and also for the Jewish people. When he went to see world rulers, he faced them with pride, as an equal among equals. Herzl spoke with the Sultan and the Kaiser about interests – about how to get the Jews out of their kingdoms and into their own country for the benefit of all parties. He always remained composed, he did not bow down, and even when he met with disappointment – and there was much disappointment – his spirit was never broken.

Herzl rightly identified the massive wave of anti-Semitism that lay in wait for the Jews. But in his short life, he did not have the time to take the steps that would stop the evil from coming. I often wonder what would have happened in the history of our people, what would have happened to us in the 20th century had Herzl not died in 1904 and had he realized what he started in London. What would have happened had he lived and succeeded in bringing about the establishment of the Jewish state when he had planned?

What he did accomplish in the time he had was to mobilize Jewish and international public opinion regarding Zionism. He laid the groundwork for this in his famous London speech, and there is much proof of this. He laid the groundwork for the Balfour Declaration, which was issued twenty years after the First Zionist Congress. The impact made by Herzl’s speech in English was tremendous, as was the impression he made in the Jewish world during his brief period of activity.

Members of Knesset,

As an extension of Herzl’s activities, we are now expanding Israel’s web of ties with the world in an unprecedented manner. Over the past several years, we have experienced political development unlike anything in our history. We are making alliances and advancing friendships on the basis of shared interests in the diplomatic, economic, scientific, technological and cultural fronts – in a full range of fields.

Yesterday, my wife and I hosted President Steinmeier of Germany and his wife. The visit was warm, open and friendly. In two weeks, the President of the United States, Donald Trump, will visit Israel and we will welcome him warmly, as is appropriate for a genuine friend and the leader of our great friend, the United States.

After that, the Prime Minister of India, Modi, is planning to visit Israel; and after him, the Prime Minister of Australia, Turnbull. Leaders from all over the world, from many countries, come to Jerusalem but you do not hear about all of them.

Herzl visited Jerusalem, and it should be truthfully noted that when he saw it, it was neglected. But today the city is flourishing. It is prospering under Israeli sovereignty. The leaders who visit here are amazed by what we have been able to accomplish in the 69 years of our independence – we have become a beacon of enlightenment and progress, exactly as Herzl envisioned in his writing. They appreciate our military strength: Many times, Herzl emphasized the need for a strong defensive shield, an army of the Jewish state, under the protection of which we would take shelter. By the way, this is a necessary condition for peace, both for achieving it and for maintaining it. These leaders are amazed by the innovations we are developing and by our contribution to improving the quality of life for millions of people around the world – in media, transportation, medicine, water, food, energy and in the fight against desertification.

Herzl envisioned much of this. Not all of it, but a lot. He had tremendous faith in the Jewish people’s powers of creativity and industry, but he believed that this strength could only be unleashed when the people cast off their shackles, and he believed that one basic thing was necessary to this end: a profound belief in our right to our own land and country. This is the truth that is the foundation of the Zionist enterprise of revival.

We are in Zion, in the land of the Bible, by virtue of our natural right and not the grace of others. We are not Belgians in the Congo or the Dutch in Suriname. Herzl wrote in his diary about our land, “For us, it is full of memories and hopes”. Elsewhere, he wrote, “We, however, believe that this desolate corner of the Orient has, like us, not only a past but a future.” And I would add that that future is bright. We sometimes face stumbling blocks. That is only natural. However, there is no doubt that year to year, decade to decade, the Jewish people is safeguarding its future in one place – here in the State of Israel, in the land of Israel.

This year marks 70 years since the attempt by the refugee ship Theodor Herzl to come to Israel. It did not succeed. It was intercepted. The British returned the passengers to Cyprus, but that did not stop them. They did not surrender to despair. They eventually immigrated and the rest is history. It may be that we will face more stumbling blocks. We certainly will, just as we did last week – in outrageous votes in UN organizations, the goal of which is to undermine our sovereignty in Jerusalem and in other parts of the country. These resolutions do not discourage us. On the contrary: They strengthen our faith in our rectitude, they strengthen our determination to hold on to our land and our cities, to develop them, build them up and fiercely protect them.

The Nationality Law that we are advancing will legally establish Israel’s status as the nation-state of the Jewish people. There is no contradiction between Israel being a democracy and it being the state of the Jewish people. We have an ongoing obligation to ensure equal rights for all our citizens. The unequivocal response to those who reject Zionism is strengthening the Jewish state and instilling pride in our heritage.

The memory of the redeemer of the nation, Benjamin Zeev Herzl, is in everything we do, in all we achieve. He raised us from the depths of exile to the heights of sovereignty.

May his memory be forever blessed.
