Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechbasel270917

Two months ago, my wife and I visited Budapest, and had two very emotional experiences: The first was when we stood where Herzl's home once stood, the house he was born in, next to to the synagogue where he celebrated his bar mitzvah. Nothing is left of that house, except maybe some bricks from the doorway. There is a bush growing nearby. I touched the bush and felt as if I was touching the bulrushes of baby Moses' basket, because Herzl was the modern Moses, the modern savior of our people. His genius appeared to have grown ex nihilo, as there were no Jewish statesmen at the time. There were statesmen who were Jewish, but none who were of the Jews and for the Jews, in favor of the Jews. And then a brilliant statesman emerged, and Herzl's prophetic ingenuity continues to serve us, me, as a map and a compass in everything I do.

We had another moving moment the next day, when we visited another important site, on the banks of the Danube. Avraham Duvdevani, I saw a photograph of yours, also from the banks of the Danube. Very near the water on the banks of the Danube is a shoe monument. These are the shoes of the Jews who were thrown into the river, tied up, with weights on their feet. That is how they were murdered, by drowning. We paid our respects to our brothers and sisters who were consumed by a murderous hatred, and I thought, the distance between Herzl's house and the banks of the river is the distance between anti-Semitism and our resurrection.

These two things kept Herzl up at night. He foresaw the destruction and designed the redemption and revival enterprise. Herzl's vision described something simple that nobody else had articulated for many years. Herzl said: "We are a people. We are not only a religion. We are a nation—the Jews. Judaism is religion and nation intertwined." There are many nations with people of many faiths, and religions whose believers belong to many nations. He said that if we understand that we are a nation, we can claim our right to a state of our own. If we claim it and work for it, we can return to the land of our forefathers and once again be the masters of our own destiny. Today it sounds obvious, but I want you to know that 120 years ago, at least the influential Jews thought it sounded absolutely ludicrous. But Herzl was not only a visionary man. He had great analytical skills; he precisely analyzed the nationalism of his time. The Revolutions of 1848, the Spring of Nations, had begun several years earlier and evoked for many the sense that they were suffering great torment. But at the same time, an opposite movement came into being: a stream of anti-nationalism. Many Jews hoped to find a solution to the Jewish problem: What should be done with the Jews? What should be done with the omnipresent anti-Semitism, which is constantly evolving? What should be done?

When the Congress was over, the real work began. Herzl had the weight of giants on his shoulders. Nevertheless, he stood tall when approaching people who had never before been approached. It was unheard of: A 36-37-year-old Jew approaching the German Kaiser or the Turkish Sultan. It is akin to a young boy from an isolated village in a remote jungle making it all the way to the top. It would be easier for the boy from the jungle. It is hard to fathom how many obstacles Herzl overcame. He approached important leaders, tycoons, kings, ministers. He charmed them one after the other, not only with his vision, but with his personality and his eloquence, his analytical skills and his razor-sharp sensibilities. He knew how to appeal to each and every one of them—addressing their interests and what they had to gain, appealing to their sense of justice, anything to redeem the Jews from exile and bring them to a land of their own.

His efforts were not only directed outward. He also made efforts inward, appealing to the Jewish people, and he created the instruments and institutions of the Zionist movement, ensuring that it had strong foundations. My grandfather, the late Rabbi Nathan Mileikowsky Netanyahu, was swept up in Herzl's vision. He argued with him about Uganda, but recognized in him a giant prophet. I have a picture from the 1907 Congress in The Hague where my grandfather is sitting next to Ahad Ha'am, Bialik, Jabotinsky, Weizmann. Although Herzl was not there—he was no longer alive—my grandfather, like the other delegates, walked the path he had paved. The truth is that 120 years later, we are all walking on the bridge leading from the First Zionist Congress to today. The building blocks of this bridge include our withstanding never-ending tests and making great achievements: the Balfour Declaration, the UN Partition Plan of November 29, the establishment of the State of Israel, our great victory in the Six Day War, the unification of our capital Jerusalem, and many more. Herzl's adage is etched on each of these milestones: "If you will it, it is no dream."

In the latter part of the 19th century, Zionism was a young seedling. In the first 50 years of the 20th century, it withstood great storms. In the second half of that century, we established our sovereignty and now, at the beginning of the 21st century, the tree of Zionism is spreading its branches far and wide. We have built a liberal, democratic, strong and progressive country. We are proud of the achievements we have made in the 70 years of our independence, the achievements of a people that has "risen like a lioness, and as a lion has lifted itself up."

Some nations are depleted in terms of population and in terms of spirit, whereas we enjoy two types of fertility that is rarely observed among the nations. We have natural demographic growth, and we have productivity in all areas of life. And they are both growing constantly. The roots of our existence are our ancient spiritual heritage, which defines our identity; and its crown grows the fruit of our innovation and curiosity, which we nurture. The ingenuity engrained in our people was widely expressed in Herzl's writings; he discussed our ingenuity all the time: technology, science. This ingenuity brings us closer to the nations of the world.

Israel is a rising global power, truly a light unto the nations.

A week ago, delegations from around the world went to Mexico to provide aid after the earthquake. The first delegation to arrive in Mexico, and the last to leave the country, was the delegation from Israel.

I know that it is traditional to bless each other "May you live until 120." I believe, like others have said here, that the 120 years of Zionism are only the beginning. So tonight I say, until 240 and beyond, forever.

The Glory of Israel will not lie, and the memory of Herzl will live on always.
