Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_rabin011117

-Translation-

The horrifying assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, a great military man and leader, put us to a fundamental test: the danger of self-destruction and the unraveling of democracy. Acts of violence arose from the depths of our national memory – brother raising arms against brother – and inflicted a deep wound on the nation’s psyche. Rabin’s murder obligates us to condemn any violence, all the more so violence directed against public leaders.

The freedom to disagree and the freedom of expression must be preserved. Woe to us otherwise. But violence – never. We are unconditionally committed to the basic democratic rule that national decisions are made at the ballot box, and only at the ballot box. There are agreed-upon principles for demarcating public disagreements. However, today, 22 years after Rabin was murdered, I wish to focus not on delimitating the disagreement, but rather on the essence of the fundamental disagreement regarding our political future.

In complete contrast to the consensus, I think there is broad agreement in this regard today – not total agreement, not complete, but very broad. It cannot be complete because Israel is not a totalitarian regime in which everyone must agree with everything. At the swearing in ceremony of the new President of the Supreme Court, I quoted Cicero speaking about the Jews, about their argumentative characters, which he put forth thousands of years ago. However, despite many disagreements, there is broad national agreement in which the majority agrees with most things.

One of the starting points for this broad agreement is Yitzhak Rabin’s last speech in the Knesset, one month before he was murdered. Rabin gave his speech at a time when the rise in radical Islam was just starting. Since then, this scourge has spread across the world. This morning, I spoke with my friend the Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo, about the terrorist attack in Manhattan, and I expressed our condolences. He told me he was inspired by the way we withstand waves of terrorism. I told him that terrorism will never defeat us, and if we all stand together, I am convinced we will vanquish it.

Yitzhak Rabin said similar things. He warned against the increased use of Palestinian territory to launch terrorist attacks against us. And in his speech in the Knesset, one month before he was murdered, Rabin insisted on the necessity of keeping parts of our homeland, which were, at the same time, strategic security assets. He determined: We will not return to the June 4, 1967 line. The Palestinians, he said, could have an independent life in their own “entity” – and the language he used was, “an entity that is less than a state.”

I believe that the question is not about this formal definition, which has many interpretations – and that is why I am not getting caught up in the wording, but rather in the essence behind the words. I know without a shadow of a doubt that Rabin assumed that the ultimate and practical responsibility over security would remain ours in any situation, in any territory west of the Jordan River. This is my position and it is the position of most citizens of Israel.

The wonderful quote we heard about the importance and supremacy of security are not just empty words, but rather it expresses the essence of the responsibility every government has for its citizens. Our responsibility is to manage security, and the responsibility for security west of the Jordan River is Israel’s. Rabin wanted to keep a united Jerusalem the capital of Israel, under Israeli sovereignty. This is my position and it is the position of most citizens of Israel.

He emphasized that Jerusalem would include Ma’aleh Adumim in the east and Givat Ze’ev in the north. In the south, contiguity would be created between Jerusalem and the communities of Gush Etzion, which would be integrated after changes on the ground. This is my position and it is the position of most citizens of Israel.

Rabin consistently stated that the eastern security border of the State of Israel would be in the Jordan Valley, in its broadest sense. This is my position and it is the position of most citizens of Israel.

This was before the rise of radical Islam and the flood that has swept the Middle East, with countries collapsing one after the other. And there is no myth more minimal than that statement about our security belt on the east.

Rabin reiterated his commitment not to uproot a single community as part of any interim agreement. My position is that people should not be uprooted from the homes as part of any final settlement as well – neither Jews nor Arabs. And I think that is not just my position, but also the position of most citizens of Israel.

A decade after Rabin’s death, we uprooted communities in Gush Katif – and what did we receive in return? Tunnels and rockets. We were forced to fight three campaigns in order to establish security in the Gaza Envelope, and we continue to face this challenge. We saw this just the other day: We hurt those who seek to hurt us. The reason the Palestinians aren’t willing to reach an agreement is not because of these positions. With a degree of creativity, we could reach an agreement with them. The reason stems from one basic thing: They still have not reconciled with the right of the State of Israel to exist.

Tonight I will travel to London to mark the centenary of the Balfour Declaration. However, the Palestinian leadership with, I must say, unparalleled impertinence, is suing the British government for publishing the Declaration. Not only are they not willing to accept a Jewish nation-state, but they will not even accept a Jewish national home. The Palestinian leaders view the Balfour Declaration as a tragedy, but the real tragedy for the Palestinians was not the issuance of the Declaration, but rather the fact that their leadership did not accept it and apparently still have not accepted it today.

Nevertheless, I do not see darkness on the horizon. Let me give you an example of an important change that has occurred. Fifty years ago, immediately after the Six Day War, the Khartoum Summit took place in Sudan, which issued the “three nos” resolution. The entire Arab and Muslim world united against Israel, against its very existence. Fifty years later, there is a significant change in the way the Arab world treats us, and I want to point out that I am not only speaking of Egypt and Jordan, with which we have peace agreements. We are strengthening our ties with many parties in our region – and here there is genuine hope for change and peace.

Normalizing relations with the countries of the region will help pave the way to peace with the Palestinians. It does not relieve the Palestinians of the need to reconcile once and for all with Zionism, with our right to our own nation-state – I will emphasize this, again and again if necessary. It also will not relieve us of the need to formulate practical solutions to the conflict in the framework of the principles I outlined – but from the moment they agree to recognize our nation-state and Israel’s security needs, which Yitzhak Rabin so clearly described, the path to peace will be much shorter.

In the meanwhile, we continue to build our country, defend our homeland, make our country prosper and transform it into a rising global force. Yitzhak Rabin is rightly celebrated for his contribution as prime minister, as a fighter, as a commander and statesman, as an ambassador, as a minister,. We unite in gratitude for him. And today, the main message I wish to emphasize on this occasion is that we can unite around Rabin’s security outlook – which is accepted by most people and which is necessary to safeguard our future and achieve peace with our neighbors.

May the memory of Yitzhak Rabin be a blessing and engraved in the hearts of our people forever.
