Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventsamaria280817

Dear families who have lost loved ones, including the Salomon and Goldin families, our hearts are with you in your horrible grief; our hearts are with you in your bravery. We will not stop until we bring the boys home. I came here from a meeting with the Secretary General of the United Nations, and we are also working on that front for this sacred goal.

I am very excited to be here. I am happy to be here with my wife Sara, and we both thank you for your warm welcome. We love you. I am excited to be here because not far from here is a school named after my late father, Ben-Zion Netanyahu, a champion of Samaria, a champion of the Land of Israel and a great champion of Netzach Yisrael – the Glory of Israel.

I remember coming here for the first time 50 years ago. I remember the ruck marches that brought me to Samaria as a soldier and I remember how moved and excited I was to be standing on the very same land where our forefathers walked. I knew where I was going and was familiar with all the sites because I had read about them in the Bible.

I remember the thick mist early one morning on one of the navigation marches on Mount Gerizim. I remember feeling elated when I reached Shilo, the very place where the Kingdom of Israel once stood. The view was incredible, my excitement knew no bounds. Even the wilderness was beautiful. I asked myself, "How is it that this place, which is so central in the history of our people and our land, is now desolate?" I said that one day there will be a big community here and there will be a museum here. That is what I thought. I was awarded the great opportunity and privilege to be the prime minister of Israel, and one of the very first initiatives I promoted was to build a museum here. The museum has been built and people now come here from all over the world and see our birthright to the Land of Israel.

My friends, I must say, there is momentum. There were hard times, it wasn't easy, but we are enjoying accelerated development and construction in Judea and Samaria. We are leading this activity together, and there has been no Israeli government that has done more for the settlements than my government. We are doing it in cooperation, in close partnership and with a sense of shared mission – together with you, Yossi, together with the leaders of the communities, together with the Yesha Council and together with the longtime residents.

I am pleased to see Benny Katzover here and others. I remember the early days. I remember Hanan Porat, I remember Zambish – he looks exactly the same, maybe a little darker. You are brothers, you are partners. We are maintaining the settlement enterprise and strengthening it and we are doing it with discretion, wisdom and responsibility. We are promoting the paving of bypass roads, I know how much this contributes to security and road safety; we are dealing with matters of education, industry and employment. It is simply amazing to see the development here.

I remember coming to Barkan many years ago and seeing the winery. We saw the grapes, we stomped the grapes. But today there are new grapes here, and an apple – there are grapes of high-tech. In this industry there is glut of many kinds, and we are working to advance the industry, employment, water, tourism and hasbara, and to fight the various boycott organizations. We are doing this for two reasons: The first is simple – this is the land of our forefathers, this is our land. We returned to this land with the intention of remaining here forever. There will be no more uprooting of communities in the Land of Israel. No settlements will be displaced. By the way, it has been proven that that does not help bring peace. We uprooted settlements, and what did we get? We got rockets. Well, that will never happen again.

The second reason we are developing and protecting this place is because it protects us. Samaria is a strategic asset of the State of Israel. Not only is it the cradle of our people and a key to the future, but from these cliffs, the high cliffs of the Ba'al-Hazor mountain and Mount Kabir, you can see the whole country from tip to tip.

I ask you, and anyone who visits this place, including foreign leaders who come here, to try to imagine radical Islamic forces positioned on the hilltops here overlooking Gush Dan. It would put us in danger, but it would also put you in danger, all our neighbors – actually the entire region, the entire Middle East, because these seeds sprout turmoil. Considering all that is happening around us in the Middle East, one can only imagine what would happen, to us first, on Highway 6, at the international Ben Gurion Airport. That is why we will not give up, we will not bow our heads, we will not surrender and we continue to defend Samaria. In response to those who wish to uproot us, we send our roots deeper. We will build, we will strengthen and we will settle.

I take this opportunity to mention the immense efforts put into security. I salute the IDF soldiers and the security forces, who do incredible work, simply incredible – protecting us all on the roads, thwarting thousands of attacks, in daily missions, day in and day out, night after night. I salute them and I am sure that you all salute them. They protect not only those who live in Judea and Samaria, but all of us, in every part of the country. And we ensure all our security, in every part of the country. This is my most important mission as prime minister, and it is why we erected fences on the Golan Heights, and to separate us from the Sinai; and we stopped the wave of infiltrators.

Our policy regarding the infiltrators rests on three foundations: one – the fence that completely stopped the massive infiltration to the State of Israel; two – agreements which I signed with African countries to take back the infiltrators who arrive here; and three – enforcement. But in light of today's latest development, we need to introduce new legislation that will enable us to implement our policy and remove the illegal infiltrators from within our borders.

My friends, I came to Samaria today first of all to salute you for being pioneers, for your spirit, for your faith, for your persistence. I came here to witness the realization of the vision of the prophets: "Again shalt thou plant vineyards upon the mountains of Samaria." I came here from Jerusalem and return to it knowing that together we will protect Samaria, and Samaria will protect us.

My brothers and sisters, thank you. May you go forth and be successful, continue to spread a great light.

Congratulations on your special day. Congratulations to Samaria.
