Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechyadvashem230417

-Translation-Last week an in-depth study, based on the Nazi war crimes archive at the UN, was published. According to the study, the Allies knew about the mass murder of the Jews as early as 1942. This is a chilling fact, because to date it was customary to think that the Allies only understood of the magnitude of the Holocaust two years later. I am familiar with the archive because when I arrived at the UN in 1984 as Israel’s ambassador, and demanded that it be opened as it had been sealed before then, and indeed it was opened.

Now the terrible meaning of this new study is clear: If the world powers had acted in 1942 against the death camps – and all it would have required was repeated bombing of the camps – they could have saved four million Jews and the lives of many millions more. The Allies knew – and did not act. While the horrifying acts of barbarism were being committed against the Jews, while our brothers and sisters were being sent to the crematoria, while the sister of Esther Miron, the representative of the survivors who will speak here tonight, was torn from her arms by Mengele at Auschwitz – the Allies knew and did nothing.

Distinguished guests,

A combination of three factors brought this unparalleled and unbelievable disaster to our people: the unfathomable hatred of Jews, the apathy of the world in the face of the horrors and our people’s terrible weakness in exile. Has that hatred disappeared? No, it has not. And with thousands of years of history of anti-Semitism, it would be naïve to think that it is going to disappear in the foreseeable future.

Alongside the anti-Semitism that is resurging in the West, a fierce hatred is bursting forth from the east: the anti-Semitism of both streams of radical Islam, headed by Iran and ISIS, which openly work for our destruction. The hatred of Jews is now also directed against the nation-state of the Jews. The new-old anti-Semitism is widespread in certain circles in the West, and it is also common in UN institutions. The hypocrisy is so blatant.

And as to the world’s apathy, has anything changed in this regard? Here too we must admit that the answer is primarily negative. It is true that since World War II, no tragedy on the scale of the Holocaust has occurred, but there are many cases in which the world just stood by and did nothing to prevent the destruction of peoples or mass murder: in Biafra, in Cambodia, in Rwanda, in Sudan and indeed, also in Syria. At the same time, several points of light are gleaming out of the darkness. One took place just recently: President Trump’s decisive response to the slaughter of children in Syria with chemical weapons.

We too are not indifferent to the suffering in Syria. We established a field hospital adjacent to the border. There are Israeli doctors there – Jewish, Druze, Arabs. Israel has treated thousands of wounded Syrians at that hospital and at others, including many children who were injured in this brutal war.

However, generally speaking, the simple truth is this: In our world, the existence of the weak is uncertain. When challenged by murderous countries and movements, their chances of survival are slim. The strong survive. The weak are wiped out. Our people experienced this personally in the Holocaust and we have kept that lesson at the forefront at all times.

The lesson dictates that we must be capable of defending ourselves by ourselves from any threat, from any enemy. Those who aim their weapons against us put themselves in danger of weapons. This is not a provocation and it is not an exaggeration – it is the only way we truly have to safeguard our future. And we have the power to do so. I say these things with all my heart. This lesson guides me every day – morning, noon and night. It is the supreme duty – although not the exclusive duty – but the supreme and primary duty of a prime minister in Israel. I say this on behalf of the victims and on your behalf – members of the Jewish people, citizens of Israel and especially you, dear Holocaust survivors. It is here that all of us, the generations who built and are building the State of Israel, made the great transformation in the Jewish fate: we traded weakness for strength!

From a helpless people, we have become a strong nation. From a defenseless people we have become a nation with a defensive force that is among the strongest in the world. We nurture our military, intelligence and technological strength and propel them forward. We take tremendous pride in our open, vibrant and moral democracy. It represents and creates impressive accomplishments in our economy, in science, in culture – in every area. All these things give us hope, they give us strength because despite the ongoing anti-Semitism, I tell you, citizens of Israel: Entire nations admire our strength, our faith in the justice of our actions, our willingness to defend our land, the creativity and innovation that are part of us. This is a massive revolution. From a small people who was ashes and dust only 75 years ago, we have become a considerable force on the world stage. Where did this strength come from? It comes from the powerful spirit of our people, which finds expression in the resilience of the Holocaust survivors.

Last week, when my wife and I met with you, the lighters of the memorial torches, we were witness to this spirit. Your moving stories left us flabbergasted. Take your story for example Max Privler. As an 11-year-old, you were saved from death by your father, who protected you with his body in the Valley of Killing. You emerged wounded from the pit, and watched the soldiers hang your mother and rip your baby brother into shreds. You swore, a Jewish boy, to avenge them and escaped to the forests. At the age of 14, you joined the Red Army. Max is with us here tonight – standing tall, proud, covered in medals, surrounded by children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren who have served in the IDF.

Or your story, Moshe Porat. – the Jewish boy from Hungary. When you were a prisoner at the Mathausen concentration camp, the Nazis branded you with the number 10-80-80. And what a miracle: You told me that here in Israel, when you joined the IDF as a young man of 17, you were so proud that you had joined the Israel Defense Force. In the tent, you used an oil lamp to look at your military identity card and your personal number was 10-80-80.

This is the entire story of the rebirth in one wonderful summation: the man is the same man, the number is the same number, but the fate is far from being the same fate. We transitioned from helplessness to strength, moved from darkness into light, from death to life. From the depths of hell we soared to the heights, as foretold by the Prophet Ezekiel in the Vision of the Valley of the Dry Bones. We have tremendous vitality, immense capabilities, fierce spirit. Together we combined strength with strength.

Together, God willing, we will withstand all tests. Together we will defend our home and together we will guarantee the eternity of Israel.
