Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_sadat211117

Translation

Honorable Chairman of the Knesset Yuli Edelstein, Ministers, opposition leader Isaac Herzog, members of the Knesset, distinguished guests,

I just met with Egypt's ambassador to Israel, Hazem Khairat, and his team. He conveyed greetings from President al-Sisi and Foreign Minister Shukri, and I congratulated him on this important occasion. The peace between Israel and Egypt is strong. It is a strategic peace for both countries, and yet, I am saddened to see the low attendance of ministers and Knesset members at this important event. We'll have to correct this when we mark the 50th anniversary, but I am sure there will be other opportunities sooner.

Perhaps one of the reasons for the low attendance is that we bacame accustomed to it too fast. It has become ordinary, obvious, but it isn't obvious.

I remember the tremendous excitement that came over me, all Israel's citizens and many around the world, when Sadat landed in Israel and arrived at the Knesset. It was as exciting as seeing the first moon landing. There was something about the novelty, this breakthrough, the break in routine, seizing the future. In the forty minutes it took him to cover the distance between Egypt and Israel in his plane, he changed history. It was much faster than the forty years our people wandered through the Sinai Desert, but no less dramatic. Two ancient peoples whose paths crossed even in antiquity, two neighboring nations that had waged an all-out war for a generation, overcame their hostility and extended their hands in peace. Sadat's visit was a breakthrough in the history of the Middle East. It enabled unmediated contact between the Arab world and the Jewish state, leading to a historic reconciliation, the first of its kind. Time has taught us that this peace is an anchor of stability in our turbulent and bloody region. It may not be a perfect peace, but it definitely is worthwhile. It benefits both countries, not only Israel. And despite crises and convulsions along the way, it is a lasting peace.

But there has always been and always will be one basic condition for peace: Israel's strength. In the Middle East, alliances are forged with the strong, not the weak. "I have come to make peace with a strong leader," is what Sadat said when he was here. He knew even before arriving in Jerusalem, that Israel was a powerful state, because since the War of Independence, the IDF had fiercely warded off every attack, including surprise attacks, and had safeguarded the security of the State of Israel.

The importance of the Iron Wall has been proven time and again. Not only to secure our existence, but also to create the foundation for peace with our neighbors. Only if Israel is strong, can we reach nonbelligerency, and only then, from a state of nonbelligerency, can we achieve peace — a peace that brings recognition to the State of Israel and prevents future bloodshed. Menachem Begin said: "No more war, no more bloodshed." But we also want peace.

Standing here at this podium at an incredibly moving event, Anwar Sadat said: "I have announced on more than one occasion that Israel has become a fait accompli." That is to say, first comes recognition of our existence, and that recognition evolves into accepting our right to exist. Therefore, we must always be strong enough for there to be no doubt regarding the permanence of our existence.

That is what Sadat did, as opposed to our Palestinian neighbors, who still refuse to recognize the State of Israel's right to exist. Regrettably, I have yet to witness a Palestinian Sadat declare his desire to see an end to the conflict, recognize the State of Israel in any borders and support our right to live in security and peace.

Today, four decades after Sadat's visit to Israel, large parts of the Arab world understand not only what happened here forty years ago, but also what could happen here as a result of the changes in the region. Many countries know that Israel is not a threat to the Middle East. Rather, Israel is the moderate, responsible and decisive factor that is fighting the threat together with them. The greatest threat in the region stems from radical and violent Islam led by Iran on the one hand and by Daesh on the other, radical Islam that brutally tramples everything in its path.

President Sadat himself fell victim to this radicalism His assassination in Cairo 36 years ago shocked the world. And yet, peace endures. Our peace with Egypt has had its ups and downs, but it has held strong through all the challenges, during President Mubarak's regime and afterwards.

In recent years, with Egypt under the leadership of President a-Sisi, this peace and these relations have flourished. We maintain open channels of communication that are vital to both countries' security. My meeting with President a-Sisi during my recent visit to New York greatly strengthened these relations. We are committed to achieving peace with other countries, as well as with our Palestinian neighbors. I know that President Trump and his team are also committed to this goal.

The greatest obstacle to achieving peace today is not the leaders of our neighboring countries. The obstacle is public opinion on the Arab street, public opinion that has been poisoned for years by a distorted and misleading presentation of the State of Israel, like geological strata. After many decades, it is difficult to be freed and present Israel in its true light, reveal its beautiful and true face: the help we provide in the region and in Africa and Asia, in rescue missions, in technology and in assistance to the wounded from Syria, thousands and thousands of them. It is difficult to penetrate these geological strata and reach the rock of truth, and therefore peace remains cold.

A cold peace is preferable to hot war, but warm peace is preferable to a cold one, and we all want that. Therefore, we must change how Israel is perceived. Otherwise it will be very hard to break through the cycle, including that of the Palestinians, because there is constant propaganda there. Not only in Judea and Samaria, the Palestinian Authority, but also in Gaza – ongoing, endless propaganda. You ask, "How can they not know the truth? They live here." The propaganda is extremely powerful, its institutionalization, its layers, the sediments of the lies are very strong, and are preventing the breakthrough. That we must change.

I see the seeds of change in public opinion in the Arab region, and I'm not talking about the leaders. We are witnessing certain changes in certain parts of public opinion in the Middle East. I think that this is something that should be encouraged and promoted in the region, because eventually it will radiate inward. When I talk about peace from the outside in, I don't necessarily mean primarily the ability to leverage our current connections with Arab states to break through the Palestinian barrier, but rather creating an understanding that Israel is different, and that the Palestinian narrative, as they call it, has to be adjusted to the truth. They have to look at it differently, with an objective eye, to really look at the real Israel.

I would like to see our peace with Egypt conform to this truth; to increase the connections, the living contact between the peoples, in the economy, culture, tourism; to break through this wall of historical propaganda. I hope we are at the start of such a process. We can see that it is beginning to form in some parts of the region. Naturally, if change occurs, it is likely to take more time, but there is no doubt we are in a position to expand cooperation and break stereotypes.

Peace is important to Israel; peace is important to the Palestinians; peace is important to the Arab peoples; and it is certainly important to Egypt. Anwar Sadat's visit to Israel 40 years ago taught us that in our region, the unimaginable can turn into reality. Therefore, I believe with all my heart that this great event is not a passing episode; it will remain the cornerstone for building peace in the Middle East, in this generation and in future generations.

And to honor this visit properly, I ask you, Mr. Chairman, to hold a special meeting to mark the 41st anniversary of Anwar Sadat's arrival to the State of Israel and the Knesset. He deserves it, we deserve it.
