Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/sppechharav240517

-Translation-

If anyone has any doubts as to whether Am Yisrael Chai [the people of Israel lives], they should come here to Mercaz HaRav where they would hear that the people of Israel are very much alive. Thank you, my friends, for your tremendous support. My wife and I greatly appreciate it and we love you.

Today in Jerusalem I saw many stones, but also, as you said, Rabbi Shapira, many hearts. During the Six Day War, there was a full merging of heart and stone. The war was characterized by excited embraces, a flood of tears of longing and joy unparalleled in our history, embracing the stones of the Western Wall. And I remember this. I remember the river of people when we heard that the Temple Mount and the Western Wall had been liberated. We flooded through the alleyways to the Western Wall, and like many other people, I touched the stones. They were the very same stones touched thousands of years ago by kings and prophets, Cohanim and Levites. By the way, I am a Levite on both sides of my family, and I felt it.

I am deeply committed to continuing to keep Jerusalem unified, to protect the Western Wall, the Temple Mount and all the holy places of Israel. Jerusalem will never revert to being Aelia Capitolina, and Jerusalem will never again be a divided city, as it was after 1948.

Distinguished head of the yeshiva, Rabbi Shapira: As a seventh-generation Jerusalemite, you must certainly remember the Jews going up to Mount Zion and standing on the roofs of the Musrara neighborhood to try and catch a glimpse of the Western Wall. That’s how it was back then. We would go up to the roof, trying to see the Western Wall, craning our necks to catch a glimpse of it. It was not easy, to say the least, to see the object of our yearning from afar. That which was missing burned in our hearts. And, my friends, all at once it changed during the magnificent war of our salvation.

I hear people describe what happened to us as a disaster. It was our deliverance, it was our redemption and we all felt it. I still feel it today. Does anyone want us to go back in time? To what? To a divided city, with ISIS on the Temple Mount? There were Islamist movements there, the Northern Faction. Have you heard of it? It is illegal. We were told that if we made the movement illegal, who knows what would happen. We declared them illegal and they are not there anymore. Nothing happened. Do we want radical Islam to take over the holy sites of Israel? Do we want the square kilometer of the Old City to turn into what we see in Palmyra or Aleppo or Mosul? That is what will happen.

It is only under Israeli sovereignty that there is freedom of worship and freedom of religion for all religions. And we will not make concessions – not the Temple Mount, not the Western Wall. We will not divide the city again.

I remember crowds of people rushing to the Western Wall. I remember that the shofar was blown once again near the Western Wall, and this time it was the shofar of freedom. It was the complete opposite of the Mandate Period, when Rav Kook told the foreign regime that he would not break his Yom Kippur fast if the shofar blowers, the underground prisoners, were not released. Rav Kook played an important role in reinforcing the walls of Jerusalem, both nationally and spiritually. Alongside him worked other men, such as Zeev Jabotinsky, one of my mentors, and, if I may, my grandfather, Rabbi Nathan Mileikowsky Netanyahu.

I have previously discussed the close relationship between my grandfather and Rav Kook, who so eloquently eulogized him. Rav Kook eulogized my grandfather. However, this year that relationship takes on special meaning, as we mark the 100th anniversary of the Balfour Declaration, a central milestone in our national revival. My grandfather compared the declaration on the establishment of a national home for our people to “the flash of lightning tearing through the dark skies of the Jewish people.” Rav Kook took it one step further and compared Balfour’s words to the Biblical edict of Cyrus the Great. The Rav wrote, “The Bible… is what created for us the Declaration… [and] has formulated the redemptive word.”

The recognition of the right that stemmed from the Bible guided his path, and he bequeathed that awareness to his son, Rabbi Zvi Yehuda Kook. It is no coincidence that Rabbi Zvi Yehuda Kook was one of the first people to arrive at the liberated Western Wall, together with Rabbi David Cohen. Yoram Zamosh, one of the paratroopers who raised our flag above the Western Wall, made sure to bring the excited rabbis to the remnant of the Temple Mount in a military jeep. Rabbi Zvi Yehuda, whose late father was a beacon of love for Israel, understood very well the significance of our return to the land of our fathers – to ancient Jerusalem, to Rachel’s Tomb, to the Cave of the Patriarchs.

We are no longer a nation of wandering refugees. This is our homeland. We have a primordial right to it, and that right is as deep at the stake we planted in its soil.

I always think of this basic right when I resolutely and decisively stand up to parties around the world that seek to revoke our sovereignty over Jerusalem and reinstate borders in which we will not be able to defend ourselves. I never forget from whence we came and whither we returned. I do not only speak of Jerusalem; I speak of our country, our homeland, the Land of Israel.

I declare to the world that the people of Israel has returned home to its roots. We will hold on to our land and our capital Jerusalem even more firmly. We will extend our roots deeper and expand our branches higher. Our strong spirit withstood countless tests in the past and it will continue to support us in the future as well. Against a feeling of exhaustion and depression glows the flame of faith in our righteousness. It erupts from the pages of the Bible, and from the prodigious biblical writings composed over generations.

I read the most recent Torah portion – and, by the way, let me tell you, I do it every week, certainly every week my son is home from the army; I learn from him and we become wiser thanks to him. He’s a yeshiva bocher [yeshiva youth] par excellence, even though he went to school not far from here. I read in the most recent Torah portion the words, “[I made] you go upright.” What does this mean, upright?

First and foremost, this means sovereignty, sovereignty over our historic homeland, the ability to defend ourselves. Today these students before me serve in the Israel Defense Forces and they hold the sword of David and the sword of Gideon. This is ‘upright’ and it is the great change that took place in the history of our people. We returned to our land and restored our national existence, and we relearned how to hold back the attacks against us, because otherwise there would be no Jewish existence.

The Jewish people cannot endure without the State of Israel in the Land of Israel, and that is my responsibility as prime minister, with God’s help and with yours. I never forget this, not for even a fraction of a second. I know what we have been entrusted with; I know that generations of Jews before us are looking at us and I know what generations of Jews to follow expect of us.

This is the essence of our path – national and spiritual rebirth – and you are making great contributions to it.

The world of the Torah is flourishing, and the Mercaz HaRav yeshiva is one of the flagships so gloriously leading it. On Jerusalem Day, we continue to strengthen the capital of Israel and will add to its beauty and depth to bolster its spirit.

Happy holiday, my friends, and blessings from Zion to the lovers of Jerusalem in Israel and around the world.

Happy holiday to the people of Israel.
