Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event92zer110917

{Translation}First of all, I am grateful for this ceremony. I know that it expresses President Macri's commitment to fighting terrorism, fighting anti-Semitism, remembering the lessons of the past and doing everything in his power to prevent a recurrence of such tragedies. Twenty-five years ago, we all united as one big family in the face of destruction and horror. I assume we all remember where we were at that moment. I remember the terrible impression left by the atrocities, carried out by savage terrorists. This act broke our hearts, in Argentina and in Israel, and in other places around the world. It was a moment of profound shared fate, of mutual solidarity in pain and tears. We will never forget the 29 lost souls, the 29 victims of the attack: men and women, Jews and non-Jews, Argentinians and Israelis.As the son of a bereaved family for 41 years, I say to you, the families here and those who came with me from Israel: We are family. Your pain is my pain, and I know that the wound never heals. The scar remains, but we have the ability to support each other and ease the journey of grief as much as possible. I wish to express my condolences to every family who lost a loved one, and I wish a full recovery to the wounded.Distinguished guests, alongside the memory and the grief, there is also a lesson. The terrorist attack at the Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires, much like the attack on the AMIA building two years later, taught us that we must not be deterred in any way from the ongoing struggle against extremist murderers. We must stand firmly, forcefully, determinedly, against the perpetrators, supporters and distributors of terrorism.Global terrorism has two main foci: The terror of radical Shiite Islam led by Iran, and the terrorism of radical Sunni Islam, first under the leadership of al-Qaeda and now under the leadership of Daesh. Iran was behind the major terrorist attacks in Buenos Aires in the 1990s, all the way from the Middle East, along with its proxy, Hezbollah. They continue to extend their tentacles all over of the world, even here to Latin America. We are determined to fight Iran's terrorism; we are determined to prevent it from establishing itself along our border. We are also determined to fight the second group that spreads global terrorism around the world — ISIS. We are helping all the countries that fight against them. Indeed, many have joined this war, and there have been some achievements, but there is also a problem. It turns out that the more successful the campaign against Daesh is, it creates an equally serious problem: Daesh is defeated — Iran enters. Daesh surrenders — Iran takes over. It is incumbent on all civilized countries to fight terrorism in general, and Iran's terrorist attacks in particular — the same Iran that committed these two horrifying crimes. On this day, September 11, we stand at attention with our brothers and sisters in the United States as well. We stand at attention in memory of the thousands of victims who were murdered in the terrible terrorist attack on the World Trade Center, Washington and Pennsylvania.Buenos Aires, New York, Jerusalem, Paris, Barcelona and Brussels — no country is immune to radical Islamist terrorism, and since this threat is shared, the solution must be shared as well. We must face it together, without fear, without hesitation. I believe that if we do this, the victory of civilized people over the representatives of barbarism will be assured. Progress will defeat the Middle Ages. Progress will subdue terrorism, which in essence harms innocent people. But even in the Middle Ages, no one did what Iran has done. Although in ancient times innocent people were harmed, ambassadors were never harmed, and if they were, it was considered an unusual crime. Even in times of barbarism, they avoided hurting ambassadors, but Iran did strike the embassy and created a new standard that we cannot accept.Whoever hurts us, we hurt them — legally, civilly, humanely — but terrorism only wins if we do not fight it. Let us fight it, because all of our futures are at stake. We will forever cherish the memory of the victims of the attack, and we pledge ourselves in their name to eradicate terrorism, and bring life and hope for progress and peace for all humankind.
