Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventstock031117e

Transcription

Thank you. Thank you very much, to you, sir, and to all of you, our distinguished ambassadors.

The future belongs to those who innovate. Israel is the innovation nation. Invest in Israel. End of speech.

Well, it is a remarkable change that has taken place in the world. You’ve been investing. You’ve been selling, buying and selling stock for two centuries. We have a certain advantage over you. Abraham bought the Cave of the Patriarchs almost 4,000 years ago for 400 shekels. King David bought the threshing floor on Mount Moriah for 50 shekels. Present value – I think they still come out ahead, but… And we’re still using the same currency, but there is a palpable difference and a great opportunity in Israel, which many of you recognize. If there are some who don’t, don’t tell them. Be there first and get more. But it’s obvious. The markets will do their work, and they are doing their work.

Here’s why the change is obvious. I’m saying to you things that are clear, but I’ll… Sometimes, it’s worth repeating. We’re in the midst of exponential change. Ten years ago, the ten valued companies, in terms of market cap, were five energy companies and one IT company. Within a brief decade, that’s reversed. There are now five IT companies and one left – went down from number one to number five – Exxon. This is because the revolution of Big Data, connectivity and artificial intelligence is changing – they call it disrupting – everything. There are other elements of technology, but these are the biggest.

Example: We had tried a car industry. When I was in the army, they actually gave Matan Vilana’i, who was a fellow officer in a special unit we were serving in, they gave him an Israeli-made car. It was called Susita. It was made out of fiberglass. We used to drive back to Jerusalem, because we both were Jerusalemites, you know, on the weekends. One day, I leaned on the car and my elbow went right through it, okay? I was hurt by the fibers. That didn’t last long. We could not compete with the production of chassis, engines, wheels. We didn’t have the scale. And so that folded.

Well, in the last few years, we have an enormous car industry. You use Waze here in Britain? Yeah, well, it’s an Israeli company. Sold for nothing – a billion dollars – to Google, okay? A few months ago, another Israeli company right next to my office in Jerusalem, Mobileye, was sold to Google for 15 billion dollars. What’s more important is that Google gave Mobileye the keys to their – Intel gave Mobileye the keys to their thirty-some businesses of autonomous vehicles worldwide.

This reflects this revolution. Actually, what really reflects the revolution is not Waze or Mobileye, but 500 startup companies just in this field, just in this field, that are receiving every year between three and four billion dollars quite apart from the big guys. Now, why is that happening? Because 85% of the value of a car within a decade will be software. It’s a computer on wheels, basically. That changes things, and so using crowdsourcing or using sensors and other means, you are basically changing the competitive advantage and the possibility of dominating or getting a lucrative share of these exponentially growing markets. This is automotive industries.

By the way, the government had very little to do with this. I have to tell you, I’m the prime minister. I used to be the finance minister. This happened on its own. I’ll tell you why in a minute, but there is a change, and Israel has a tremendous competitive advantage when you’re dealing with AI or Big Data or connectivity. This falls right in our lap.

What’s another industry? How about cyber? That we have something to do with. Israel received last year 20% of the global private… global investment in private cybersecurity. Twenty percent. Since we’re one-tenth of one percent of the world’s population, that’s punching 200 times above our weight in the world’s population. It’s as though Israel was a country of 1.6 billion people. It’s not.

What’s a third one? And everything. Cyber is endless. You understand that. If anybody talks to you about a cyber solution, they’re lying. It’s solutions and they keep changing, so it’s a never ending business and it grows geometrically with the geometric growth of the internet economy.

And the third big industry that we’re looking into right now may have government investment, because it’s digital health, okay? We have 98% of our population in two databanks, which we’re merging, in which every Israeli citizen has a card. And on that card is embedded the medical records for the last 20 years. So if you go into a hospital in Israel, any hospital, they take the card they know your medical records.

We are taking this sample, a sample rather of this large database, which I think there’s only one other like that in the world – and we’re taking 100,000 people and we’re going to take swabs of their saliva so we have the genetic composition, a subset of the eight million, we now have 100,000. Of these, we’ll take another subset, 2,000 people, in which we’ll have sensors to physically monitor their activity. And now this three-layered database might – I’m not sure yet – might produce two things: preventative medicine and personalized medicine on a vast scale.

If this works – I don’t know yet, because you see I was in business. I’m not just… Politicians, when they talk about business and they haven’t been in business, it’s, it always works, it’s always pie in the sky. But if you’ve been in business, you know that some things don’t quite work as you expect. So I don’t know yet, but I know one thing I’ll be happy to have a dilemma: What happens if this works? Who do you give the database to? It’s not a big… Well, I know what the answer is initially. We’ll give it to Israeli-based companies, but only initially. It’ll be part of the domain of the world very soon.

But this could produce vast breaks. These are huge markets, huge markets. Vehicles? Huge markets. I think they’ll change completely. Huge markets. Cyber? Huge markets. Digital health? Huge markets, perhaps the biggest of them all. And there are many others.

So industry is changing very rapidly, and in this changing world, Israel is uniquely poised to produce enormous returns. That’s if you’re going in that direction. Some of you are going in other directions. You may want just a safe return of, oh, five to ten percent. So invest in Israel. Invest in our infrastructure. Invest in our hotels. Invest in anything.

Why do I say that? Because there is… Technology by itself does not guarantee success. Technology and science by themselves do not guarantee success. If that were not the case, if they did ensure by themselves success, then the Soviet Union would have been one of the most prosperous nations on earth, because they had exceptional scientists, mathematicians, physicists, metallurgists, you name it, okay? But they didn’t. Yet, if you took one of these people, put him on a plane and brought him, or smuggled in those dark days, to Palo Alto, they would produce added value in about two weeks. Enormous added value.

The critical component to making technology work is free markets. Critical. Without it, technology doesn’t get you very far. What we did in Israel, mostly 15 years ago, was to liberate our markets, to liberate our capital markets, to liberate our currencies, to do other things. This is an important change, and it remains for us to continue this. Here is what we did. When I had to explain what we were doing, because we were in a very serious crisis – you may remember. I’m sure this affected the London Stock Exchange too, there was a certain occurrence with the NASDAQ. You probably remember that. It collapsed, and we were, since we had more companies on the NASDAQ I think at the time than any other country outside the United States, that didn’t help our economy. We also had waves of terror.

And so our economy looked like it was tanking. Our GDP per capita simply froze, actually contracted. Our GDP contracted. We had high unemployment. There was talk of a major bank being imperiled. That would have taken the rest of the banks down with them, and so on. And so I had about two weeks when I took over the job of being finance minister to present to the Israeli public what is it that we’re going to do. Okay?

And of course most people thought that these two problems – the collapse of the stock market and the security situation – was the problem. I thought it was a problem, but not the problem. And so when I presented the program that we had worked out, I fell back on my first day in basic training in the Paratroops. The commander had put us on a straight line and he pointed to me and he said, “You, Netanyahu.” I was the first in the line. “Look to your right. Put the guy on the right on your shoulders.” Then he went to the next guy and he said, “Put the guy on your right to your shoulders,” and so on. I had a pretty big guy, about my size, and I could take a few steps. It was hard. The next guy was the smallest guy in the company, and he had the biggest guy on his shoulders, and he collapsed. And the third guy was a fairly big guy and he had a small guy on his shoulders, and he took off like a rocket and beat the race, easily.

And I said, in the global economy, all national economies are pairs of a public sector sitting astride the shoulders of a private sector. In our case, the public sector got too fat and we were about to collapse like the guy next to me, okay? This became known as the “Fat Man/Thin Man” – it’s what I called it – a fat man/thin man analogy. And cab drivers would talk about it. They still do.

So, what is it that we had to do? We had to put the fat man on a diet. We had to put a lot of oxygen on the thin man, give him, you know, make him a real robust athlete, and then we have to remove the obstacles, the barriers to the competition. So that’s easy to say; very hard to do. But we did all this. We limited public spending. Our population grows at 2% a year. We actually passed a law that we spend only 1%, which means we were contracting public spending by law. And we continue to have a rule for controlling public spending.

The second thing is we have to give oxygen to the guy at the bottom, the private sector. What’s the best oxygen? No, you know it. The best oxygen is to lower taxes. I mean, what does the guy run with? Why does he invest? Why does he risk? Why does he do…? Because he wants to keep most of what he makes. He doesn’t want to give it to the government. I mean, they all say, “We have a mission. We have this mission and that mission.” I can read you mission statements, but you want to earn money. The only way you can earn money is if you get to keep enough of it, which was lowering taxes. It’s a topical subject, as you know.

And the third… Okay, now we have a trimmed down public sector. You always need a public sector, but a trimmed down public sector. You’ve got this fed athlete on the bottom, and he wants to run and he hits a ditch and then he crosses the ditch and he hits the fence and he crosses the fence and he hits barbed wire. These are called barriers to competition, barriers to the race, and we had to remove them too. And we did all this, and many other things. I must have done 40, 50 reforms.

Every time I talked about one of them, the people in the Finance Ministry said, “Mr. Minister, you can’t do this.” I said, “Why can’t I do this?” They said, “Because you’re going to get to a general labor strike for each one of these.” And I said, “So let’s maximize the number of reforms per strike.” And that’s exactly what we did. That’s exactly what we did. This is no laughing matter. We actually did that in batches. We got two big strikes, but whatever.

And the result has been that the Israeli economy is growing, has grown since then, with the exception of 2008, between 4% and 5% a year, and our GDP per capita will now, very soon I think, catch up with Japan’s. I think we pretty much passed the, all the countries bordering on the Mediterranean, except France. Not yet, but we’ll give it a race, a good race. Our debt to GDP ratio went down from about over 100% to about 60%, 62%. This year, we’ll probably get to 60%. Our unemployment is a record low. It’s at 4% right now. And so on.

So, the reason I mention that is that it’s not enough to have technology. It’s important to couple technology with freer markets, so that innovation and ingenuity have their reward. We’re doing that. There is probably one great threat to what I just described, and that’s over-regulation, and I sit… I chair very few committees, ministerial committees, but one of them, obviously one of them is the Security Cabinet, but the other one is a committee to fight over-regulation. And there is no silver bullet. You just have to hack your way with a machete through the wild growth and the bureaucratic jungles. In the last two years, we brought down Israel’s ranking on the competitive index, the World Economic Forum, I think, Global Competitive Index, from number 27 to number 16 – two years, just by hacking the way with the machetes. And… every few weeks. And we intend to complete that. We want to get into the top ten.

We’re number three on the Global Innovation Index; want to get to number one. But I think we’re there in many areas. There is the opportunity to create value with this innovation nation, but it has to be a free market nation. And this is what we are doing: coupling markets with genius. And there is genius, sparks of genius.

So the reason I tell you all that is because when I became finance minister, which is 2003, the situation was so bad because of those twin forces of the NASDAQ collapse and the terror, that I couldn’t get any investors to come to Israel. But finally I met a group of, I think, half a dozen European investors. They sort of agreed to meet with me, and I told them what I was going to do, fat man/thin man. We got it, the whole works. And they listened to me and sort of halfway into the conversation, they said, “Maybe this guy is mishugene enough, he’s crazy enough to do this.” So they said, “What should we invest in?” And I said, “Well, you know, I’m not a stock broker. I don’t give market tips.” “No, tell us. You want us to invest here. Tell us what to invest in. So I said, “Okay, I’ll tell you what to invest in. Invest in anything. Anything you buy will be worth a lot more tomorrow. Buy a parking space in Tel Aviv. You’ll do well. Buy anything.” And that’s exactly what has happened.

So, obviously, I’m saying the same now. There are more than half a dozen people here, and many of them, many of you have already realized the truth of what I am saying. So just keep on doing it, and contrary to what I jokingly said in the beginning, tell your friends.
