Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventindiavisit040717

PM Modi: Prime Minister Netanyahu, friends,

I thank Prime Minister Netanyahu and Mrs. Sara Netanyahu for opening their home to me today.

The fullness of their warmth and affection evoke a feeling of home away from home. It reminds me of our own hospitality and welcome. I'm most grateful for their warm and generous hospitality.

Just a short while back, I laid a wreath at Yad Vashem memorial museum to remember and honor over six million Jewish lives that were lost in the horror of the Holocaust. Yad Vashem is a reminder of the unspeakable evil inflicted generations ago. It is also a tribute to your unbreakable spirit to rise above the depths of treachery, overcome hatred and forge a vibrant democratic nation. Yad Vashem tells us that those who believe in humanity and civilized values must come together and defend it at all cost.

As such, we must resolutely oppose the evils of terrorism, radicalism and violence that plague our time.

The links between our peoples goes back thousands of years when the first Jews landed on India's southwestern coastline. We are proud of Jewish sons and daughters of India, like Lt. General J.F. R. Jacob, Vice Admiral Benjamin Simpson, master architect Joshua Benyamin, and film actors Nadira, Solochona, Pramila, whose diverse contributions have greatly enriched the fabric of Indian society.

Indian Jews are a living and vibrant connect to this shared history. My visit to Israel celebrates this ancient bond between communities across both of our nations. And I'm happy that I will have the occasion to engage with the rich Indian diaspora in Israel later tomorrow.

In modern times, our ties have seen rapid growth since the establishment of our full diplomatic relations a quarter century ago. Common objectives of economic prosperity, strong technology, and innovation ties and the need to secure our society define the space for convergent action between us.

Over coming decades, we want to frame a relationship that transforms the landscape of our economic engagement. India is the world's fastest growing large economy. Our focus on using technology and innovation to meet our developmental priorities provides productive scope to expand our academic, scientific and research and business links. We also want to put in place a robust security partnership to respond to shared threats to our peace, stability and prosperity.

I'll work with Prime Minister Netanyahu to build a clear agenda to realize these objectives.

Once again, let me express my sincere gratitude to Prime Minister Netanyahu and Mrs. Netanyahu for their warm welcome and generous hospitality.
