Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start261117

"I regret Minister Yaakov Litzman's decision to resign from the government. He is an excellent Minister of Health and has done a great deal for the health of the citizens of Israel. The national government headed by the Likud is the best government for the State of Israel. I think all the coalition members want it to continue its work. I don’t think this- I know this. The Sabbath is important to us, and so are the needs of all the citizens of Israel, including of course the need for safe and continuous transportation. I believe we will find a rational solution. We are working on it, it's within reach. We will work together in order to continue serving the citizens of Israel.

On behalf of all the citizens of Israel, we send condolences to the government of Egypt and to the Egyptian citizens, on the vicious mass murder of civilians during prayer. Radical Islam's terrorism does not distinguish between religions, people or nations. I think it is evidently clear that all the countries of the world must unite in order to fight it, everywhere, including in Sinai.

In two days, on November 29, we will mark the 70th anniversary of the United Nations resolution acknowledging a Jewish state in the Land of Israel. We are allocating today 30 million NIS for the preservation and restoration of the Independence Hall in Tel Aviv, the very same place where the first Prime Minister, David Ben Gurion declared the establishment of the State of Israel, even before he was Prime Minister. In addition, we will establish there a museum for the history of the Jewish people in the Land of Israel, where the original declaration of independence will be displayed to the public.

This is part of our heritage plan, in which we are investing great resources, money, thought and attention, because we know that ultimately our future is linked to our past, and entire nations are wiped out, cultures disappear from the face of the earth, because in the global tsunami, identities disappear from the face of the earth. Therefore, it is important to us to connect the Jewish people and the next generations as well, both to our ancient heritage and to our new heritage. The effort of the heritage sites is a main axis of this effort.

I've been asked recently, during a Kol Israel broadcast preceding November 29, "what do you see in the next 100 years, what are the needs", I remember the spirit of the question more or less, and I said that our first need for the next 100 years is to remember the 4,000 previous ones. That is the first thing that will ensure the future of the Jewish people in the Land of Israel and the State of Israel.

Now allow me to address one more thing. Last week I saw a tweet by Haaretz publisher Amos Schocken. He referred to the government's policy of removing illegal infiltrators from the State of Israel, and the headline Amos Schocken chose to give that tweet was "Murderers in Suits". That is what he called the Israeli Prime Minister, me, and a few other ministers sitting around this table.

I am trying to imagine what his response would have been if a statement of this sort was made about a public figure from the other camp. You can imagine on your own. In this case, there has been no response. There have been no demands for investigations, no demands for condemnations, no public figures have been approached, no articles have been written, and there have been no special broadcasts, nothing. The same is true for horrendous things like portraying Knesset members as monkeys - no response!

So to all those who preach to us, your celebration of hypocrisy and your double moral standards simply cry out to heaven. I say to all those who preach to us – don't."
