Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzel130717

I was here a week ago after I accompanied the Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, to the ceremony at Yad Vashem. It was very moving. At the end of the ceremony, I spontaneously said to him, "You heard about the events that occurred while we were in exile. Now, come with me and see the center of our revival." We came here and I told him about Herzl. I said, "He is our modern Moses." He helped us rise from slavery to freedom. However, this revival and freedom came at a price.

The President of the State of Israel and I just came from another ceremony which was held on this mountain. A historic thread connects Operation Protective Edge, whose fallen we just honored, with Herzl's great enterprise. Herzl was a source of great strength. What is the essence of sovereignty? According to Herzl, the answer was simple: our self-rule in the land of Israel as free people with a strong army and a protective shield.

The brave soldiers of the IDF, the protectors of our homeland, are to a great extent the product of Herzl's vision. Though they were shaped by our people's history since ancient times, one cannot envision our people's modern history and national revival in our homeland without this extraordinary man. The hands of the IDF soldiers hold aloft the torch of freedom, which was lit by Herzl, and they ensure that its burning flame will never be put out.

I told my friend Modi that Herzl is the modern Moses – a devoted parent to an enslaved people, hoping to be saved from the travails of exile. The parting of the Red Sea by Moses symbolized the first ray of hope, and I consider the first Zionist Congress, which was held 120 years ago, as an event of equal importance.

In the words of Zangwill, one of Herzl's first students, who volunteered to assist him in England, "By the rivers of Babylon – there we sat and also wept when we remembered Zion. On the river of Basel, we sat and determined to weep no more!"

The First Zionist Congress was seen as the revival of a people that was thought to be extinct, as Herzl himself said. Indeed, an electric shock passed through the Jews in the Diaspora when the Congress first convened.

We too have a national assembly; we too are a proud country; we too work openly and in unity in the international diplomatic sphere.

I am always in awe of the heavy burden Herzl bore. The French lived in France; the Italians in Italy, the Greek in Greece. They were rooted in their lands and spoke their tongues, whereas our people did not have that experience. There were the first signs of Jewish settlements under the Ottoman's rigid rule, but not more than that. In other words, Herzl created something out of nothing. He turned Zionism into a mass movement. He created the organizational and economic tools for the World Zionist Organization. Perhaps above all, he gained access to kings and counts as first among equals – and this was no small thing for a Jewish statesman, because such a thing did not exist at the time. There was no Jewish state. Though there were statesmen who were Jewish, there was no statesman who acted on behalf of the Jews. Certainly not one who was a journalist and playwright, and who was only 36 years old. It was unthinkable. However, Herzl had a genius that enabled him circumvent the tangled web of alliances and interests of the European rulers. He stood proud in front of the Kaiser and the Sultan, ministers and governors. He tried to convince them not only of the justness of our way, but like a true statesman he tried to convince them that they could benefit from helping send the Jews to this land, to our own land.

At the same time, as a shrewd leader, he thought about the rise in anti-Semitism. He was aware of the danger, and therefore wanted to take preemptive measures against this scourge. He also thought the Uganda plan would lead to a catastrophe.

I recently read the new edition of Stefan Zweig's fascinating novel, "The World of Yesterday." Zweig was one of the 20th century's greatest authors, one of the very best. He was a Jew who was assimilated in Viennese culture. He described the ties he formed with Herzl, whom he met at the age of 19 when he came to submit an article to him. I did not know this, but Herzl worked as an editor of the opinion supplement. It was not the opinion page but rather the whole opinion supplement of the Neue Freie Presse. At the time, in 1901, Herzl had already been involved with the Zionist Movement when this young author came to see him. Zweig wrote about the immense impression Herzl left on him, and later on described his funeral in 1904. Zweig wrote about prominent Jewish leaders from around the world who came to Herzl's funeral in Vienna, including leaders from Istanbul, Bulgaria, Poland and Germany. Many of them feared that the dream of national revival would shatter into pieces.

Well, my friends, this did not happen. This visionary man died, but his vision remained. Herzl's political Zionism was instilled in the world's consciousness. A hundred years ago, in 1917, the Balfour Declaration was published largely thanks to Herzl's brilliant appearances in England. Herzl predicted that too. During the Fourth Zionist Congress in London in 1900 he said, "England, great England, free England, England looking over all the seas, will understand our aspirations. From here the Zionist idea will take its flight further and higher…."

If it was not for the enterprise that Herzl started, I doubt that the Balfour Declaration promising a national home for our people would have been published, in turn leading to the establishment of the State of Israel. Herzl, the Northern Star of Zionism, paved the way to our political independence, and we have followed in his footsteps ever since. Our diplomatic relations extend throughout the world, from east to west, north to south.

Israel is solidifying its position as a rising global power. I show every leader who comes here Herzl's bust, which stands at the entrance to the Prime Minister's Office. I show them the two photos of Herzl in my office and tell them, "Everything that we have here – the state, the army, our economy, agriculture, technology – everything that we do here was sparked by Herzl."

Herzl was a visionary man and we are the ones who turned his vision into reality. Herzl was the one who planted the seeds and we reap them. One hundred and thirteen years after his death, Herzl's vision is alive and his legacy is our guiding principle.

May his memory be a blessing.
