Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_bengurion231117

[Translation]

I recently watched the film Ben-Gurion, Epilogue. If you haven't seen it yet, I highly recommend you do. I was very impressed by the image of the leader that it depicts. You hear Ben Gurion talk, you actually see him, and it is different from reading written material. He is asked questions and he answers them. This lengthy, down-to-earth interview was filmed in 1968, when Ben Gurion was 82. Now, this won't come as a surprise, but I did not agree with him on everything. For example, on his position on Judea and Samaria, because I believe that if we would have handed over this vital region—which is also our patrimony—to the Arabs, it would have rapidly become a base from which we would be attacked, and today such attacks would be by radical Islam.

I did agree with most of what he said, but there was one other thing I didn't agree with. He said, "I am against big cities. Big cities are not good for humanity." This probably reveals our different economic outlooks. I am for big cities alongside satellite towns and smaller communities, because they are usually centers for entrepreneurship. They pump blood through the veins of the market because this is a free market, and they propel the wheels of innovation.

This is why we are turning Be’er Sheba into a metropolis of half a million residents. It is already home to a quarter of a million. Within 12 years, it will be half a million, a city with universities, factories, cyber, and flourishing satellite towns like Dimona and Yeruham.

These are important differences, but they are not the core, in my opinion. What stood out most of all in the interview was not only Ben Gurion's commitment to the State of Israel, but that he did not take for granted the state's continued existence. He understood that it is not automatic, but rather depends on continuous efforts to bolster its strength and ensure its future.

Clinton Bailey asks Ben Gurion in the interview about a divine promise, about the inevitability of existence, and he avoids answering. Then he says, "That's up to us." And that is true. Fifty years after that interview, two generations have passed and the State of Israel is strong and thriving. We are transforming it into a regional superpower and a rising global power. We are doing this by systematically enhancing our economic and military strength, which in turn is creating unprecedented diplomatic growth, which I will talk about later.

Ben Gurion spoke about our being the Chosen People, a light unto the nations, and he was right. Thousands of wounded Syrians can testify to that; citizens of Mexico, where our rescue mission was the first to arrive after the earthquake and the last to leave, can testify to that; people in the Philippines, Nepal, Haiti, Turkey and many other places can testify to it; the citizens of Iran, where we were now willing to send medical aid, can testify to it.

Israel, despite all the criticism, is a moral, free and democratic country. We are a contentious, vibrant society—and could it be any other way? We are a country that does not settle for what is, but is always charging forward. Our tree of life is extending its roots ever deeper in the soil of our ancient homeland, but is also always extends its branches higher and higher.

We have a unique combination of heritage and innovation, as this week's Torah portion says, "… a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven." But 75 years ago, this tree was almost felled and the thread of our life was almost severed. After the Holocaust, there was a pressing need to ensure the continued existence of our people in our own independent country. And this is where Ben Gurion’s greatness was revealed.

Seventy years ago, he stood at a decisive crossroads: the United Nations General Assembly was about to convene to discuss the question of the Jewish state; the twilight of the British Mandate exacerbated the political and security void in the country; and the Arab world was threatening the Jewish settlement with destruction and annihilation.

And under this immense vise-like pressure, Ben Gurion determined that the UN would make the “moral ruling” and the “operative ruling” would be made in Israel. Again, it was not guaranteed. It might have been just, but it was not guaranteed, and it was up to us. He stressed that everything stems from our solid right, a people returning to its roots, and if we are to be opposed, if they fight us, we will guard the gate. He was very determined, but there is also something touching in his understanding of the price we were about to pay.

On November 29, when the resolution establishing the Jewish state passed, masses celebrated in the streets. The entire nation was overcome with immense joy, but Ben Gurion, who was at a hotel in the northern Dead Sea, remained in his room. He explained to his daughter Renana that he was not celebrating because we were facing a very difficult war. He said to her, "Who knows? Maybe some of the people dancing here will be killed." And they were.

Six months later, the State of Israel was established, and Ben Gurion's decision to declare our independence, despite objections from within and without, and his extensive efforts to develop the embryonic state, will always be to his credit and he will forever be a part of the pantheon of Jewish history. The compass that guided Ben Gurion continues to guide us today, with some adjustments to suit the reality of contemporary life.

In the diplomatic realm, we are continuously nurturing our ties with the nations of the world. Ben Gurion wanted to fortify, to leap over hostile Arab countries and create a ring of alliances, with Iran, with Ethiopia, with Turkey. He was right. But today we are well beyond that. First of all, there have been changes in the region—to that ring too, as you know—but we are well beyond that. Because we are experiencing an unprecedented flourishing of relations, not only with our greatest ally the United States, with Russia, with countries in Asia, including China, India and Japan, with countries in Latin America, with Australia, with African countries, where I will go next week, for the third time in 18 months.

Our ties with Arab countries are growing stronger. They stand together with us against the dangers posed by radical Islam. This is a huge change compared to the days of Ben Gurion, but I refer you to what he wrote in 1947: "Our enterprise in our country, the society we are building, our economy, our science, our culture, our humanity, our economic and social politic—all these must become a light unto our neighbors; and the residents of our neighboring countries will learn from us, they will cooperate with us, otherwise they will have to cooperate with aggressive and foreign enslavers."

Ben Gurion prophesied without knowing what he prophesied, or perhaps he did know. Our prolific cooperation with Arab countries is usually undisclosed, but I believe that the ties with them will continue to develop, and will bear fruit, expanding the cycle of peace. It will eventually happen, because it is happening all the time below the radar.

Our security doctrine also rests on the foundations of power created by Ben Gurion before and after the establishment of the State. For months, if not years, Ben Gurion prepared for the future by amassing weapons, organizing defensive forces and by establishing and instilling content in a framework for the Israel Defense Forces. He delved into strategy, both offense and defense. Before everything, he said, one must push back the aggressor and then move the fighting to their territory. Today, we continue to advance our military-intelligence strength.

Jabotinsky's Iron Wall, which Ben Gurion adopted, is given extra validity. We will harm whoever tries to harm us. Whoever tries to put us in danger of annihilation is putting their own life in their hands. We have made it clear many times that we will not accept Iran having nuclear weapons, and we will not allow Iranian forces to entrench themselves close to our border, in Syria or anywhere else. Thanks to the efforts of generations, we created something out of nothing, and we will not allow that something to be turned into nothing again.

Ben Gurion had a clear political-national-security vision, and part of his national vision was also settling the Negev. He set a personal example, he came here to Sde Boker. But we must admit the truth, the settlement of the Negev did not happen overnight. There was no rush of people coming to settle the Negev as Ben Gurion had so hoped and expected. But today, we are making the Negev more attractive to tens of thousands. The vision that we are promoting is Ben Gurion's vision, but it combines two things: an investment in national infrastructure, together with private investment. It becomes successful when the private market enters the picture.

Earlier today we inaugurated, in a festive ceremony, Highway 31, from Arad to Shoket Junction—another step in the transportation revolution that is improving mobility within the region and connecting it to the center of Israel.

We continue coloring the Negev with the khaki colors of IDF soldiers. Army units and training bases are transferring the South, bringing with them technology and progress. The Negev is awakening from a long slumber, and is stretching its arms out with the joy of construction and creativity. I just heard the Head of the Hura Local Council describe it nicely. He said that this revolution is changing our lives, not only in roads, but with the billions we are investing in transportation, education, industry. It is changing reality not only for the Bedouin population, but for the entire Arab population, because I want everyone to be a part of the success story called the State of Israel. This success belongs to Israel's citizens, Jews and non-Jews alike.

It does not belong to those who broke the law and infiltrated our borders. The fence that we erected not far from here, along the border with Egypt, has totally stopped the waves on illegal migrants entering our country and the Negev, and we are determined to deport those who entered the country illegally and remove them legally. I wholly reject the toxic attacks against me and my partners in the government that portray us as murderers in suits. I said only recently that you can agree, you can disagree, but it must be done with dignity, and that applies to everyone.

Distinguished guests, Ben Gurion has been gone for 44 years, but his spirit is here, and his welcome actions have left a mark that will endure for generations to come. More than anything, we will remember his pronouncement that maintaining our country is not a one-time act. It isn't a one-stroke blow. It is the fruit of an ongoing, tireless effort by generations, and we are all put to the test daily, all of Israel's citizens, generation after generation. The State of Israel is strong and thriving, the Negev is thriving more than ever. We will continue along this path, Ben Gurion's path, to ensure the eternity of Israel for every generation.

May the memory of Paula and David Ben Gurion be forever etched with appreciation on the heart of the nation.
