Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speecheitan130717

Dear families, today, as every day, I embrace you. Your pain is so great.

Distinguished President, Reuven Rivlin, I will do as you said and greet all the distinguished guests, including those who do the sacred work of commemorating our loved ones.

Dear families, I am always with you and the nation is always with you, in pain and grief, in sadness and the torment of loss. I was with you three years ago during Operation Protective Edge, I am with you today, and I will be with you till my dying day.

The people of Israel deeply appreciate the magnitude of sacrifice made by our finest sons. Because they protected our country, our house still stands. The houses stand. Because of their dedication to the security of the citizens of Israel, we have security, we have life.

A few days ago I heard the moving words of Ofer Mendelovich, the father of Oz Mendelovich from the Golani Brigade who was killed in Shejaiya. Ofer said, with the strength of spirit that characterizes you all, "Each of us lost a limb in Protective Edge. However, I know that my son is with us right now, and I know that he continues to propel us forward."

Oz and his friends who fell in battle are written in the chronicles of the many years of bravery that began with the generation that established the State. Our soldiers went to war with determination and courage. They were fully aware of the rightness of our path. IDF operated steadfastly, and at the same time, morally. We served a harsh blow to our enemies.

The Chief of Staff said that we haven't had such calm in the area around the Gaza Strip since the Six Day War. This calm was achieved thanks to the soldiers; the blooming of the communities in the Gaza Envelope region is thanks to the soldiers; the impressive increase in population there is thanks to the soldiers; the farmers who plow the fields, the children playing outside without fear, this is all possible thanks to the soldiers. And dear families, with all the anguish, Benny Gantz, who was Chief of General Staff during the operation and who is here now, knows all too well that this is true for IDF commanders too.

When we send the IDF on an operation, our hearts race. And if, God forbid, any of our soldiers do not return, my heart breaks, our hearts break. That is the heart of the nation. We are commanded to safeguard human life and the lives of our soldiers as much as possible. However, when we have no choice, we must work for the general good out of national responsibility. We continue to strengthen our forces, in defense and offense, acquiring interceptors and advanced weaponry, intelligence, cyber and many other means.

We will not accept any attack on our sovereignty – not in the south, not in the north, not anywhere. Calm will be met with calm; but if anyone raises a hand against us, they will suffer a decisive and powerful response. Our enemies know that. Our enemies in the Gaza Strip know it very well.

Dear families, the lives of 68 soldiers and five civilians, including a four-year-old boy, were cut short during the Operation, ended with the thrust of a sword. They were young and beautiful and so full of promise. They were recently joined by another fallen officer – Hagai Ben Ari.

Our commitment to bring home our soldiers Oron Shaul and Hadar Goldin is firm. We will not abandon the mission until it is successfully completed. We have not abandoned the mission, not even in the last few days. The same is true for Avera Mengistu and Hisham al-Sayed, Israeli citizens held in the Gaza Strip by a brutal enemy.

I take this opportunity to wish a full recovery to all the Operation's wounded soldiers. May every ache and wound heal. I am moved to see, as we saw here today, soldiers who were injured who are now back on their feet. We embrace you.

We will cherish the memory of our brave soldiers who fell in Operation Protective Edge; we will remember their bravery and radiant personalities. Their actions will forever be written in the history of our nation and the greatness of their deeds will be passed on from generation to generation.

May their sacred memory be blessed.
