Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventgeo240717



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili. Also participating in the meeting were Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze, Environmental Protection – and Jerusalem and Heritage – Minister Ze'ev Elkin, Regional Cooperation Minister Tzachi Hanegbi, Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely and Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister's Office Michael Oren.

Georgian Prime Minister Kvirikashvili invited Prime Minister Netanyahu to visit Georgia; the latter accepted the invitation.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"There are 2600 years that connect our people through the span of Jewish history in Georgia. There are 100, 000 Jews from Georgia who are living in Israel today. I'm fortunate to call many of them my good friends and many of them are here.

We're both vibrant countries, eager to seize the future, secure our homelands and ensure that we march on the march of progress and have a natural sympathy between the peoples both through the human bridge of Georgians who now live in Israel but also of, I would say, common sentiments and sympathies and a deep appreciation for each one's culture.

I believe that there's a great danger that faces all of us. We’re both concerned about the spillover effect of the disemboweling of Syria. We must work together to defeat the forces of Islamic terror and we hope to increase our cooperation in security, in health, in water. These are of course other ends as well, the ends of making our people safer with a better life.

I have visited Georgia and was enormously impressed by the talent of the people, by their friendliness, by the immediate comradery with Israelis that is instantaneous. It just happens. We are kindred souls living in a very difficult part of the world so we are small countries that show a big future. And I think we can offer a bigger and better future for our peoples by working together.

So, it's in this spirit that I welcome you here to Jerusalem."

Georgian Prime Minister Kvirikashvili:

"I would like to thank you for inviting me and for giving opportunity to discuss prospects of our future cooperation and believe me, Georgia is eager to expand bilateral relations with this remarkable country.

The 26 centuries, as you mentioned, Prime Minister, of harmonious coexistence of our friendly nations is deeply rooted in our national memory. The personal ties and the relations between the Jewish and Georgian people are truly exemplary.

In this regard, the year 2017 is of special significance as we celebrate 25 year of establishing diplomatic relations with Israel. But our relations, as it was mentioned, go deeply to centuries. And we are proud of this very special friendship between our peoples.

I am very glad to emphasize that bilateral relations between Israel and Georgia are developing very rapidly and I believe that the exchange of high level visits is additional impetus in this regard.

Georgia's side is committed to further strengthening of bilateral ties with the State of Israel. Therefore, I would like to invite you again to Georgia to see the development of this country and to feel once again the special feelings and sentiments of the Georgian people towards the people of Israel.

During the last several years, we have seen significant progress in our bilateral relations. We have achievements practically in all spheres: in agriculture, in high technologies, in security and as you mentioned, the threats that our nations face are quite similar.

And we are very supportive to your people and your country in your fight for procuring long term stability for your people. Therefore, I would like to once again reiterate the commitment of our government and of our people to strengthen these bilateral ties and I see this visit as an excellent opportunity to discuss very interesting prospects of our future cooperation."