Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechjabo230717

- Translation -

We are physically in Jerusalem, but our hearts are at the funeral of the Salomon family in Modiin. On Friday night, we witnessed a heart-rending display of vicious terrorism – the product of unfathomable and unbridled hatred of Jews. We have been facing, and overcoming, murderous terrorism for a century. The pain is deep, but our roots run no less deep in this land.

Terrorism has never defeated us and it will never defeat us. We will continue to strengthen and build our country. Jabotinsky was the vanguard of this fight against terrorism. During the pogroms of 1920, he organized Jewish self-defense in Jerusalem. I repeat: in 1920 – long before the territories and the settlements and all the other excuses for objecting to Zionist sovereignty here in our land in any borders, long before the State of Israel existed.

But even before all the pogroms, even before the pogroms of 1920, Jabotinsky established Jewish self-defense in Odessa, and during the Second World War – the Jewish Legion in the British Armed Forces. He did all this while creating a rich oeuvre of language, literature, Jewish culture and global culture. I have Jabotinsky's works on my library shelf and I read them often. Every time, I am impressed anew by his originality, his prolificacy, his freshness and relevance. I also have in my office a sword which belonged to Jabotinsky. I have been told that it was taken from him when he was arrested in 1920 by the British for his efforts to defend Jews, and I have pledged to give the sword to the refurbished Jabotinsky Institute.

If there was one thing Jabotinsky knew, it was that without spirit there is no might, and with no might there is no existence. Jabotinsky's essence was a combination of pen and sword. Not as an abstract vision, not as a mere slogan, but as a complete practical truth which leads to the redemption of the Jewish people in its land. He viewed the sword and the book as the foundations of our sovereign existence, which alone would provide the solution to the lurking dangers. But first, he identified the risk to our people from the rising anti-Semitic wave. As early as 1918, Jabotinsky made a prediction, chilling in its accuracy. He wrote: "Will the outbursts of hatred and the racial detraction not end in the mass murder of six million Jews?"

Two decades later, in 1938 in Warsaw, he urged anyone who would listen to escape the volcano that was about to erupt, but few heeded his warning. Millions of others, in Poland and around Europe, were condemned to extermination. Anti-Semitism brought about a terrible tragedy to the Jewish people and the whole of humanity, and this lesson is still valid today: When this virus spreads, no one is immune.

During my visit to Europe last week, I got the impression that leaders on the continent are now conducting profound historical national introspection. President Macron of France did so when he assumed responsibility for the actions of his country during the Holocaust in a very emotional ceremony that marked the 75th anniversary of the deportation of the Jews of Paris to the death camps. The Prime Minister of Hungary, Orban, did something similar and recognized the sins of the Hungarian regime and its role in the annihilation of the Jews of his country.

Jabotinsky realized early on in life that the rising tide of anti-Semitism tide was a threat to us, that our future was only guaranteed in Zion with a Jewish army. With the outbreak of World War II, he went to America to raise awareness of the plight of the Jews, and no less important – to establish a Jewish army. Before that, my late father, Professor Ben-Zion Netanyahu, went to London to convince Jabotinsky to move his political activity to the United States and once there, to focus his efforts and those of his movement to the establishment of a military force.

After Jabotinsky's sudden death, my father was one of the pallbearers at the funeral. But the vision was not buried with the leader. To the contrary, in many ways it became clearer. A Jewish army was established: The torch that was carried by the paramilitary organizations and the Jewish Brigade was passed on to the IDF soldiers and members of all the security organizations who defend us today. We pledge to continue bolstering our strength for many years ahead, to face the threats in the Middle East, which condemn the weak to death.

Our strength allows us to control our own destiny, to withstand aggression and forge alliances with most of the countries in the world. This is all in line with Jabotinsky's doctrine: to always increase strength, while at the same time nurturing the spirit. This spirit is now manifested in the important work done by the Jabotinsky Institute that is now publishing a new edition of Jabotinsky's writings.

The heads of the Institute recently gave me a copy of the volume that addresses Jabotinsky's approach to the Hebrew language, education and culture. Jabotinsky thought that teaching the Hebrew language would play a central role in the national rebirth: as a language to work in, a language for contemplation and thought, a language of poetry and song. And he was a great poet; we heard one of his beautiful songs, the Betar Song. But he did not designate Hebrew only for Jewish matters. He also translated into the language. I think that some of the poems he translated, for example, Annabel Lee, outshine the originals. I read English quite well, so I can tell you conclusively that it is a close competition between Jabotinsky's excellent translation and the words of the American poet.

Today in the cabinet meeting, we resolved to establish a new visitors' center in the Jabotinsky Institute in Tel Aviv. His all-encompassing legacy will be revealed to the public and be made accessible to many circles. Jabotinsky's stature has grown and developed over the years. His national theories soar to new heights and are becoming common knowledge. His doctrine inspires us and strengthens our resolve in our mission – to guarantee the future of our nation.

May the memory of Ze'ev Jabotinsky – a man of pen and sword and a huge Zionist light – be forever blessed.
