Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_community051117

PM Netanyahu Meets with UK Jewish Community Leaders

PM Netanyahu met with UK Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis. Chief Rabbi Mirvis pointed out his stand alongside Israel as well the support in the country. He added that he always emphasizes that attacking Zionism is, in effect, attacking Jews, and noted that he fights this phenomenon.

PM Netanyahu thanked Chief Rabbi Mirvis for his support.

PM Netanyahu, his wife and Minister Miri Regev then met with British Jewish community leaders.

"I’m very happy to be with you, with my wife Sara and our delegation, our ambassador, Mark Regev, who’s doing a great job. Miri Regev is our Sports and Culture Minister, and has been putting up some of the events to mark Balfour on the other side of the pond, of our pond, the Mediterranean pond, and also commemorating the liberation of the Land of Israel by the British Army, with Australian Light Horse, with New Zealand fighters 100 years ago.

People forget that. I mean, these are big events of history. In a matter of two or three days 100 years ago, the liberation of Be'er Sheva and the Balfour Declaration, and they have a lot to do with one another.

As I said at this extraordinary dinner, in which I thought Theresa May gave a tremendous speech, I think that our histories are intertwined, the history of Britain and Israel, and the Jewish community, from Chaim Weizmann and others, has been intertwined in the history of Zionism.

I thank you for that continuous bridge between Britain and Israel, between Zionism and Britain."

UK Board of Jewish Deputies President Jonathan Arkush:

"On behalf of the British Jewish community, it is an honor to welcome you to London. Our community is a strong community, only one-half of one percent of the British population, but we carry a degree of confidence in ourselves and in Israel.

And every single one of us round this table is working totally for the good of the Jewish community and for the State of Israel. And all of us here could say much more about the work we do in this country, and as you saw from the event on Thursday night, we can sometimes move quite a lot of the establishment in a way that even Chaim Weizmann also was able to do. Welcome; we’re delighted that you’re here amongst us."
