Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventamia110917

[Translation]Thank you to the heads of the Jewish community of Buenos Aires and Argentina.

My wife and I have come from Jerusalem, the beating heart of the Jewish people for 3,000 years. We came to this building, which is the heart of the Jewish community of Buenos Aires. Therefore, before anything else, this is a heart-to-heart meeting. The longstanding Argentine Jewish community is a warm and kind community, which continues to cultivate its Jewish identity, invest in Jewish education and strengthen its ties to the State of Israel. We appreciate you, we love you and we thank you for the warm reception. Thank you, all.

Yet this visit has another dimension, one related to the events that occurred here 23 years ago. We will never forget what happened here. Two years after the horrific bombing of the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires in 1992, where we just came from, terrorism struck again in the capital of Argentina, this time – even harsher. We all shared the shock and pain, even if thousands of kilometers separated us. Our hearts were broken. We saw the terrible sights; we heard about the wounded and the slain, and we wept. We received the reports and felt a deep sense of shared destiny. I can say this personally because I am familiar with anguish and bereavement, and I know what it is like to lose loved ones to the war on terror and in terrorist attacks.

Recognizing the magnitude of loss, my wife and I, together with the entire delegation, share in the grief of the families whose loved ones were murdered in the AMIA Building. I hope that, the scar that you live with has somewhat healed over the years, and does not stop you from enjoying happy occasions and discovering new avenues for hope.

Since the tragedy that befell you, befell us all, much has changed in the world when it comes to understanding terrorism. There is no country in the whole world today that is immune to terrorism. Not even the countries that instigate it. Everyone suffers from this scourge, but there are those who consciously spread it, systematically and with a cruelty that knows no bounds. What has not changed is the source of the terrorism that attacked this place.

Iran still instigates terrorism all over the globe as it did two-and-a half decades ago. It was Iran that lit the fuse of the bomb that struck Argentina twice. Iran initiated, planned and carried out these horrible attacks through its proxy, Hezbollah. I thank President Macri and the authorities in Argentina for their willingness to exhaust the investigation into the truth. The time has come to publically place full responsibility on those responsible and condemn them once and for all. The time has come to deliver justice to the victims.

My friends, the Iranian threat is an ongoing challenge; it erupts from the Middle East and sends tentacles in each and every direction, including here, to Latin America, and it does so all the more forcefully in recent years.

Israel has spearheaded the fight against global terrorism, and we will continue to act decisively and in various ways to defend ourselves against Iranian aggression and terrorism, and terrorism at large. We will do so together with our partners here in South America – Argentina – and of course, in North America.

With us here today is a representative from the American Embassy, and on this day we also bow our heads in memory of our brothers and sisters who lost their lives in the dreadful attack on the Twin Towers and other places in the US.

Twenty three years ago, brutal murderers were sent to blow up the AMIA building, rendering it a pile of dust and rubble. Today, it stands again, taller and stronger, symbolizing the triumph of good over evil. This is also true for the State of Israel. When you visit Israel, you can see the great development. You see Israel rising as a global power in technology, cyber, agriculture, water, in every field. Israel is becoming a force to be reckoned with on the global stage.

My visit here reflects this change. It reflects the fact that we have friends on all continents, and their number is increasing. The number of our friends that realize that we share both a future and a threat, and that we must work hand in hand, is growing. Undoubtedly, one of our great friends is the President of Argentina, Macri, and for that reason, I decided to begin my visit to South America here, in Buenos Aires.

On this day, September 11th, we remember the victims of the attacks. We remember the victims of the attack here, on the AMIA Building in Buenos Aires, and fulfill their bequest to grow stronger, to flourish, to increase life and hope.

Long live the Argentine Republic; long live the State of Israel.

Thank you all and Shana Tova.
