Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechaltalena080617

- Translation -

The first glowing rays of Israel's independence were veiled behind a screen of fire and smoke. We were under enemy attack from outside, and we experienced harsh tumult inside. We had barely gotten our footing and already we faced a crisis that could have been our downfall. I do not know how many countries could withstand that; probably not many. But we got through it, our jaws clenched, with tears in our eyes and a bleeding heart.

We stood up, despite everything, thanks to the words uttered by the late Menachem Begin –words that have been carved onto this monument commemorating the Altalena, "Civil war – never." That was the first and most fundamental and eternal lesson of the Altalena. It is said that once upon a time, ships were made of wood and men of steel. On the Altalena, everything was steel: The ship was carrying a great deal of steel in its hold – weapons that were vital to the War of Independence. Most of this steel sunk to the bottom of the sea.

Had all of those weapons reached their destination, it is very possible that the war would have ended sooner, and quite possibly very differently, with the State of Israel better off. We must never suffer a shortage like that again. This is the second lesson of the Altalena: to accumulate enough steel. That is why we are working constantly to supply the IDF not only with Iron Dome and other defense systems, but also with aircraft, submarines, tanks and other means for offense and defense, to ensure that we can defeat any enemy.

To that end, above all, we advance a free and prosperous economy in the State of Israel – Jabotinsky's legacy – a free economy that provides us most of the resources, funds and technology required for our defense. In addition, last year we signed a historic defense agreement with our great ally the United States. They have now augmented that agreement and we are grateful for that. We ensure that we are never lacking steel. We know where we live.

The 900 people on the Altalena were also made of steel. They were students of Jabotinsky, members of Betar, Holocaust survivors, who had endured many tests. They actually fulfilled the Betar vow, "I will raise my arm to defend my people and conquer my homeland."

It has been close to 70 years since the Altalena tragedy, but fresh eye-witness testimonies still surfaces.

Nissim Gamlieli from Hadera, an immigrant from Yemen who, as a young man, joined Betar and Etzel, recently wrote a book about the fatal events that took place off the shores of Kfar Vitkin and Tel Aviv. He was one of the people who was given the order to offload the weapons and ammunition from the ship. He describes the arrival of the Altalena passengers to Israel "singing powerfully, giving me goose bumps."

He and his friends happily applauded them, yet these feelings of joy were quickly replaced by tense uncertainty. Threats were made, Menachem Begin gave an emotional speech, but before he could finish speaking, bullets whistled above their heads. Nissim stresses, "It never occurred to us that we would be treated mercilessly, in such a bloody attack, without warning. Who would have thought that with Israel's enemies at the gates, a war would break out between brothers?" He notes that it was a harsh and uncomfortable experience. Two of the fallen Etzel fighters were his neighbors from Hadera. However, he writes that he still chose to join the IDF and serve the country loyally, as did his friends, and I mention this specifically given what he describes. Imagine – considering what he says today – how it felt back then.

This is what the immigrants on the Altalena and their supporters were like; they were patriots, people who loved their nation and their country, dedicated soldiers. They put on their uniforms and fought in the War of Independence despite the horrible wounds, despite all the bloodshed. And that is the third lesson of the Altalena: When we are united – we are victorious. And there is another central lesson: Truth always triumphs. Begin wrote, "Even from the seabed, upon which the bombarded ship rests, a wave of truth will rise."

And indeed the truth rises and floats: The national idea is truth; combative Zionism is truth; the idea of the iron wall is truth; love for Israel and unity of the people is truth. And truth is also the compass with which we navigate our way in the world. Israel is a country striving for peace, helping many other countries in various fields. We are at the forefront of the fight against terrorism, here and in other places, terrorism that strikes in our region and around the world, day in and day out. This murderous radicalism expresses moral darkness, while our country spreads the light of progress. And I insist that the hypocrisy about this end, that the funding end. I am glad to say that two countries, Norway and Denmark, are taking steps in that direction after I appealed to them.

Yesterday, when I met in my office with the US Ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, I told her that truth has great power and, in reference to her strong words in support of Israel at the UN, I added that the truth speaks for itself. I had a hard time conveying my original Hebrew meaning – nikarim divrei emet – but I think that she understood what I meant.

The truth has the power to collapse the towers of lies and prove to the world that we are not alarmed by the falsehoods spread about us. Our right to our land and Jerusalem is more solid than any untrue utterance which depicts us, as absurd as it may be, as foreigners in our own homeland. The days when Israel was used as a punching bag are over. To those who denigrate us, we will respond with the appropriate rejoinder. These are the lessons that I think we must cite on this day: no to civil war – yes to unity, working in unity – amassing steel to defend our homeland and fighting for the truth together.

Distinguished guests, friends,

The Altalena sunk to the depths of enmity, her victims' memories will be commemorated at the heights of revival.

May their memory be cherished in the heart of the nation forever.
