Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechvicisrael010517

[Translation]

There is a small grove of trees in Moshav Nov on the Golan Heights. It is called "The Remembering Grove." It was planted by Chani and Yoni Ben Ari in their yard while their son, Major Chagai Ben Ari, hovered between life and death. Chagai was fatally injured in Operation Protective Edge. He was an excellent officer in the Paratroopers Brigade and an admired commander. For two-and-a-half years, he never regained consciousness. When he died, four months ago, his wife Moria said something shattering: "For two-and-a-half years, I've been practicing talking about you in the past tense." We, the members of the family of bereavement, have been forced to talk about our loved ones in the past tense. That includes me as well. It is an unbearable task as the wounds of the past and the feeling of loss never heal, not entirely.During the past week I met with representatives of the generations of Israelis. They are all too familiar with the price of our revival. First, I met with the older generation of the founders of the State, those who broke the siege on Jerusalem. In the War of Independence, they paved the road to our independence and to our capital city in fire and blood. My wife and I also hosted bereaved siblings, and as we do every year – orphaned children. The siblings told us about the double burden they have borne all these years: not only must they cope with the death of their brother or sister, who were often their soulmates, but naturally, their parents – whose world has collapsed and whose anguish they know all too well – also rely on them. The children of the fallen brought photo albums and many moving memories and mementoes of their fathers to our meeting. During our conversation, every once in a while they would suddenly burst into bitter tears, crying uncontrollably – the children, and the parents too. My late brother, Yoni, loved Natan Yonathan's song "Shores": "Once I saw a shore deserted by its stream and forgotten, left with a broken heart of stones and sand." I saw the life my parents led after Yoni's stream had left them, and they were left with a broken heart of stones and sand. But they somehow managed to muster the strength to continue living, and even continue to create. Until my dying day, I will admire the splendor and majesty with which they bore their anguish at the death of their first-born son, Yonatan.It has been almost 100 years since the days of the "silver platter," the generation of fighters in the 1947 War of Independence. So much has changed in our country since then, and at the same time, so little: Our lives continue to be dependent on the bravery of our sons and daughters and their willingness to make sacrifices. I know that this bravery is a necessary condition not only for our existence, but also for achieving peace with our neighbors. For that reason, when I send our soldiers into battle, I always deliberate with a heavy heart, with the utmost and deepest consideration. I think about them and I think about their families.I know that sometimes they pay a tremendous price. Ruhama Davino, the mother of Engineering Corps combat soldier Moshe Davino, who fell in Operation Protective Edge, wrote to me with such nobility of spirit: "Sadly, the State of Israel was forged in battle, and we have no choice but to continue to defend the country, even if that means that our best sons are killed." All of my meetings last week emphasized the harsh and simple truth that Ruhama expressed in her letter, and the horrific price that it entails.Distinguished guests, citizens of Israel, we are brothers and sisters for better and for worse, in our yearning for peace and in the grief of war. Souls touch souls on the battlefield, and souls touch souls in the field of life. We will accept the price that our loved ones have paid for all of us – Jews, Druze, Muslims, Bedouin, Christians and Circassians. I wish a speedy recovery to all the wounded, and I promise that we will not rest until we bring home our beloved fighters Hadar Goldin and Oron Shaul.And tonight, when the flag is raised again to full mast, we will know that the State of Israel is true comfort; it is the fulfillment of the dream of many generations, a model for the world in our achievements, and despite false accusations – a beacon of morality unparalleled in our region and in the whole world. The heart that contracts on Memorial day, will expand in gratitude on Independence Day.When nine-year-old Ma'ayan Netanel, the daughter of Captain Yoni Netanel who fell in Operation Cast Lead, visited me in my office, she showed me the siddur, the prayer book, that her father carried with him in the war. Ma'ayan pointed out the Prayer for the IDF Soldiers and I read it with her, word for word: "He who blessed our forefathers Abraham, Isaac and Jacob – may he bless the fighters of the Israel Defense Forces and the members of the security forces, who stand guard over our land and the cities of our God."Let us all pray, today and on every day, this prayer for the wellbeing of those who protect our country and forever cherish in our hearts the memory of our loved ones, those who fell in Israel's battles. May their memory be blessed.
