Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventchatham031117

Niblett: Welcome to Chatham House. Absolutely delighted to have you here this morning, and in particular I’d like to welcome obviously the prime minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, his wife Sara, Mark, where are you? Israeli ambassador Mark Regev, and obviously all of our members and guests, number of Excellencies, Lords and Ladies and gentlemen, and members.

We’re also going to be very informal and have a conversation, rather than speeches, which as you’ve been giving quite a few on your visit here, I don’t want to load you up anymore. But what we’re going to do, just so you understand the format, is speak for a good 35 minutes. It might drift to 40. We will then take questions from the floor. Please be patient. There’ll be plenty of time at the end. I think we might and we probably will squeeze this meeting over a few minutes past 10 o’clock, so just be aware of that. And I will ask you all to please stay in your seats at the end so that we can let the prime minister leave smoothly to his next appointments.

And I was just saying a minute ago, I was looking through the record, Prime Minister, that we have been very fortunate to host a number of Israeli leaders before: Chaim Weizmann and Shimon Peres when he was president, Golda Meir as prime minister, Shimon Peres also when he was prime minister and Ehud Olmert, although just before he was prime minister. And obviously welcoming you here today is not just a coincidence. You’re here obviously to mark the 100th anniversary of the Balfour Declaration. We will get and have an opportunity to talk that topic, but an absolutely seminal one, not only for the State of Israel, but I think also for its national relations, but certainly for the British relationship with Israel as well, as I know from your meetings yesterday with Theresa May.

Before we get going, I’d just like to remind people, you know, politics is a difficult business, and Prime Minister Netanyahu was elected to a fourth term in March 2015, only person to win prime ministerships three times in a row. He’s matched David Ben-Gurion’s record at least on winning prime ministerships, and if he stays in office through the end of his term, which I’m sure is going to happen, then you will be the longest-serving prime minister since David Ben-Gurion. So these are remarkable achievements to have done. Also served as foreign minister, finance minister, ambassador to the UN and, as many Israelis have done, served with distinction in the IDF, the Special Forces in particular between ‘69, ‘68 and ‘72, including during the war of the hijackings, I think it was a Sabena aircraft, back in that time, and broke his studies off from MIT to come back and fight in the Yom Kippur War.

And I think that maybe, if I can segue straight over, reminds us that Israel exists in a very dangerous part of the world, one of the most conflict-prone regions of the world. My colleagues here at Chatham House who work in the Middle East/North Africa program are always very busy. And as much as they would like to work on all of the Middle East, they seem to get caught up each time on conflicts, rather than being able to think about the big opportunities.

I just want to start with one particular question. Many people thought that 2011 was going to be the beginning of a moment of real change in the Middle East. Here we are six or so years later and in a way, it’s sort of back to the future. We’ve got a very strong leadership in Egypt under President Sisi. ISIS seems, at least from a physical sense or a military sense in terms of territory, to be defeated in Syria and Iraq. Where do you think we’re at at the moment? Are we, have we passed in the Middle East that moment of optimal danger? Or are things as dangerous as they’ve always been?

Netanyahu: They’re as dangerous as they’ve always been, but in a different danger. First of all, I have to tell you, I have to make a confession: This is not the first time that I’m in a tank and not the first time that I think, but I think it’s the first time I’m in this think tank…

Niblett: That is true.

Netanyahu: So, I’d like to answer by telling you that I just read a book by a man called Amitai Etzioni—not exactly a Likud supporter. And Amitai Etzioni wrote a book. He titled the book “Security First.” And he argues—this is germane to your question—he argues that democratization doesn’t lead to increased security. That’s just the empirical evidence. I suppose it does in societies—and there are not many—that have democratic traditions or the components that require democratization, but in other cases where they don’t, democratization can lead to extreme instability, the loss of security, the loss of many lives and political turbulence. I think he wrote this in 2013, something like that.

That’s what’s happened. There were traditional structures, authoritarian regimes, basically dating back from that agreement by a great Zionist that we celebrated yesterday, Mark Sykes, but, you know, he was converted to Zionism a few months after signing that agreement. And he was the one who ran out to Chaim Weizmann and said, “It’s a boy,” with the Balfour Declaration. But they set a certain pattern that sort of stuck. I mean, with ups and downs, it stuck. And then it got unglued, and the idea was it was going to be taken over by the Google Boys in Tahrir Square or in the souqs in Tunisia and so on. And it didn’t turn out that way.

Now, this turbulence created several things. God, I can talk here. This is not soundbite land. It’s not television. We can actually develop an idea? Okay.

Niblett: That’s the idea. Not for too long, but develop… [Cross-talk]

Netanyahu: No, no, I know. I’m waiting for the gotcha, don’t worry about that. That’s fine. But we can’t not do the de rigueur, you know, of asking the pointed questions that don’t really ask for real answers. Here’s a real answer. The real answer is that in the Middle East as structured, with the cultural forces that are set there, with the tribal loyalties and with the other difficulties that exist, you cannot superimpose a Western structure. It doesn’t work, okay?

We have frayed it and now there’s a battle. It’s an important battle, but not one that is easily achievable, between what I would call the modernists and the medievalists, early medievalists. The medievalists come from, basically through the cracks of these ruined regimes, are coming the various strains of militant Islam, which the Shiite, extreme Shiites led by Iran, extreme Sunnis led by, initially by al-Qaeda, now by Da’esh. Da’esh will be replaced by others. And they compete for dominance, who will inherit this, who will be king of the hill. They disagree among themselves who’ll be king of the hill, but they agree it’s an Islamist hill. And so others are either subjugated or murdered, first to conquer the Middle East, and from there with their wild ideas about… That’s the barbarians, okay?

The other side are not – when I say modernist, I don’t necessarily mean Luxembourg democrats. That is not going to happen. It’s just not going to happen, not in the foreseeable future. It might happen in the distant future, but it will not happen now. And I think the choice we have is: What do we want? Do we want these rampant theological, well, dictatorial thugocracies really, based on Islam? Or do we have a choice with more moderate and more secular authoritarian regimes? I think the choice is clear.

So this is, I think, what we have. This is where we are today. Now, I’ll give you the good news. The bad news is that as the barbarians, so to speak, fight themselves among themselves, the one potent force of militant Islam that has emerged is Iran. And it is devouring one nation after the other. It is doing so either by direct conquest, but more usually by using proxies. Hezbollah, they took over Lebanon. In Yemen, with the Houthis, they’re taking over Yemen. They’re trying to do the same thing with Shiite militias in Iraq. Same thing now in Syria; they want to import tens and tens of thousands of Shias into Syria. So this is the bad news. The bad news is that the, in the battle between the medievalists and the modernists, the medievalists are moving forward specifically with Iran.

The good news is that the other guys are getting together with Israel as never before. And there is something that I wouldn’t have expected in my lifetime, but we’re working very hard to establish, and that is an effective alliance between Israel and the moderate Sunni states to counter the aggression of Iran, to roll it back as far as possible. I think that actually has a great promise of peace. It won’t substitute for us achieving a formal peace with the Palestinian Arabs, but it used to be said if you make peace with the Palestinians, you’ll make peace with the rest of the Arab world. It may equally be the other way around. I think you actually have to bootstrap both.

But the upshot of this long answer to a short question is: It’s the collapse of the, of Sykes-Picot; it’s the emergence of a battle between the Islamists and the modernists. It’s created, essentially it’s moving right now in the heart of the Middle East, and in many parts of it into an open battle between a resurgent Iran and a new alliance between Israel and the Sunni states.

Niblett: You put Iran…

Netanyahu: That’s what’s happening.

Niblett: Yeah, yeah.

Netanyahu: What will happen isn’t [Cross-talk]…

Niblett: You put Iran in the medievalist group. One can argue that Iran actually is incredibly realist. They are building a circle of influence, or at least a stream of influence potentially all the over to the Mediterranean. Why do you put them in that medievalist basket, when in fact they seem to be playing, to me at least, pure realpolitik? It doesn’t make it more threatening, but it’s… Why do you put them in that kind of extremist camp, let’s say alongside ISIS?

Netanyahu: Ideologically-driven regimes can also be, play realpolitik. One doesn’t exclude the other. I fall back on Kissinger’s description of Iran, which I think is apt. He said Iran is a cause, it’s not a country. As opposed to, say, another regime… Oh, you’ve got the map?

Niblett: Yeah.

Netanyahu: That one, that’s a family business. This is not a family business. This is a cause, and the cause is… You really have to get into it, because you don’t get it if you’re talking to Zarif or these guys, or whatever. I don’t want to name names. I’m talking about if you actually get into the heart of the, that gang, that cult, I would say, that runs Iran – their politburo, the council of wise men, okay?

Niblett: Yeah. Got it.

Netanyahu: They believe… It’s hard to believe this, I mean, they have actually a conception of world domination, okay, that should have gone out the window with the last religious wars, I don’t know somewhere in Belgium in the 19th century, I don’t know. No, it’s rekindle with full force. And they talk openly, contrary to what you say, and we hear it and you can hear it too, by the way. You don’t have to have special means, but they talk about their quest, their goal, their cause of global domination, and also the domination of Islam, not limited to Shiites. Not limited to Shiites. They wish to now import Shiites and are doing so in countries in the Middle East with Sunni majorities. But they also say our purview—witness Gaza—is also for the Sunnis and for the millions and millions, hundreds of millions of Muslims throughout the world. They want to bring them into their Iranian fold, as they say.

So I think that they are cause. I think there is something, to me, irrational and dangerous in such a cause because it doesn’t… If it obeyed merely the rules of realpolitik, end of story. We’d be in a different, we’d be in non-Huntington territory.

Niblett: Does this connect then to your position on Iran as a nuclear power, or certainly as a nuclear-armed power? In other words, the ability to live with the risk that Iran could become a nuclear-armed power is so unacceptable precisely because of this reason, that this is in essence a revolutionary regime in your eyes, rather than one that can kind of negotiate with in a realpolitik sense. Is that what drove it? I mean, you played a very public role in the US debate over the JCPOA, the Joint Comprehensive Program of Action. Was that because of this connectivity, with you seeing Iran in this particular light? Or just, you know, you don’t want Iran to have nuclear weapons because they’re opposed to Israel? Is it because of that expansionist element?

Netanyahu: The answer is the former: It’s because of the… Well, the answer is because of their, the unique danger of having a militant Islamic regime acquire nuclear weapons. It’s very different from having Costa Rica achieve nuclear weapons. The whole… It’s a huge difference. I think the greatest… There is a great danger in the world from rogue regimes, as we call them, having nuclear weapons, but by far the greatest danger to the peace of the world is when a militant Islamic regime meets nuclear weapons, or conversely nuclear weapons meet a militant Islamic regime. That, these are the two greatest dangers for our world.

Now there are others. I mean, there are big questions: the rise of Asia and the rise of the natural competition, shifting economic and therefore political and military powers. But that’s within, I would say, prescribed rules, because of the nature of these regimes. Not because they’re democratic, but because they may be autocratic, but in certain calculation of cost and benefit that may evade and often does evade those with this cause that knows no bounds.

Niblett: So if one believes that, then the most important thing is to try and prevent that, you know, nuclear capacity from emerging. Don’t you think the JCPOA is the best route at the moment to stop Iran from getting closer to a nuclear weapon, at least in a 12 year time frame? Would not then the logic have been, right we need to absolutely stop that program from progressing the way it was? JCPOA at least bought 12, 13 years to be able to experiment with other routes. Why were you so opposed to that agreement at that time, to go out the way that you did to try and block it?

Netanyahu: Because I think that the main problem is not… Everybody focuses on, well, we’ll buy a few years. But Iran also buys the few years, and what they get is the ability to essentially go on a highway, when the agreement’s constraints are removed, to have unlimited nuclear enrichment of uranium. And this means…

Niblett: But they’re signatories to IAEA safeguards, have said, they’ve claimed they do not want to become a nuclear power. They would, well, you know… So they’re at least in a position to be able to not necessarily take that route in 12 years’ time. You have to assume they want to at that point.

Netanyahu: No, I’m saying things based on empirical fact. There were four regimes that had signed the NPT, supposedly says they won’t develop nuclear weapons. One of them was Iraq’s Saddam Hussein. It didn’t go very well. The other one was Syria under Assad. It didn’t go very well. The other was Iran itself, which lied and was caught by all of us, by the way, caught breaking it and trying to use underground bunkers and so on, that were meant only for nuclear weapons. And the fourth was Libya, Qaddafi. Well, you know what happened to him. So, but he lied. They all lied. So signing the NPT, including Iran’s signature on the NPT, doesn’t account for anything, as these examples prove.

Niblett: But if they broke it, then you’d have the opportunity to bring sanctions in again afterwards. I’m just trying to work out, you know, what was the option?

Netanyahu: Yeah, well, we broke a cardinal rule of mine, as I never talk policy. I’m actually a derailed policy wonk turned politician.

Niblett: Well, this is your job.

Netanyahu: Normally, I would have here a blackboard or a white board, whatever. And then I would show you how it is that you make nuclear bombs, okay? The most important component of making nuclear weapons – there are three components. It’s very important to take a minute to understand this, so you understand our concerns with the agreement and how we can fix it. I didn’t say necessarily an exit, I said fix it or an exit, and why I think it’s in the interest of Israel, of Britain, of the United States, of Russia, Germany, France, I think even China.

To have an effective nuclear weapon, you need three things: You need a gun to fire it, okay? That’s say a ballistic missile, which is something Iran wants. Then you need a bullet canister. It’s like a bullet. That’s called the weapon. And the third thing that you need, and actually that’s the hardest thing to make, is the gunpowder, and that’s called the enriched uranium. It could be plutonium, but typically here we’re talking about enriched uranium. Okay.

To produce uranium, enriched uranium, is very, very hard. It requires these big facilities with thousands and thousands of centrifuges that are aligned and so on. These are essentially industrial plants. Iran has not been able, because of the pressures that we applied, and I had something to do with it by moving forward sanctions that then became crippling sanctions, and also the threat of military action. These combined pressures prevented Iran from developing that industrial capacity to produce tens or hundreds of fissile cores, fuel or gunpowder if you will, for many, many bullets. And without that, they will not have a nuclear program.

What the JCPOA does is basically says within X years of time, not much, not much is left and tempus fugit, you know? It goes quickly. You will have unlimited—unlimited—capacity to enrich uranium. And then the breakout time, the time it takes to take that powder, put it in this canister, in the bullet, while you’re simultaneously developing ballistic missiles, which they are contrary to UN Security Council resolution—you have the whole program, not for a single bomb, but for a hundred bombs. They could break away in weeks to multiple bombs – many, many multiples of bombs.

Now, you say, okay, well, they’re not doing it now. I’ve always said that the greater danger in the JCPOA is not that Iran will violate the agreement, but that Iran will keep the agreement. Why should they? They’ll get to this highway of enrichment, mass enrichment, by doing nothing. So that’s been my concern.

I said, okay, we cannot afford to have, you cannot afford to have it. Why? Well, we had an agreement in 1994 that was supposed to stop North Korea from producing nuclear weapons. It was universally celebrated. It was clear that this would bring North Korea, or a good chance of bringing it into the community of nations. They wouldn’t develop nuclear weapons. Their neighbors like South Korea and Japan would be safe. It didn’t turn out that way. That was a bad agreement, okay? This, unfortunately, is a bad agreement.

Niblett: So how would you fix it? You said fix it.

Netanyahu: You can fix it in the following ways. First, you can definitely address one of the three components of the bomb system that I described by taking away the gun, which means apply massive sanctions on the ballistic missiles. It’s not covered in the agreement. You shouldn’t, you’re not holding yourself back. Within the agreement, I think there are two components that you can deal with. One, inspection, since it’s always raised. Iran says now that… If you read the deal, I mean, it says you can inspect anywhere, okay? Iran says anywhere does not include military sites. Well…

Niblett: Conventional.

Netanyahu: Right. What do you think they’re…? Of course, okay. So you could do that, okay? Tighten that step. Then there is the sunset clause. There are ways, again, of interpretation, of putting red lines on their breakout, things like their breakout capacity and other things that could be done, which do not require a change in agreement; it requires an agreement at least by some of the P5+1. So you could do that. If you do all that, I think you’re going to make it very difficult for Iran to continue unfettered, which they’re doing right now, towards an arsenal of nuclear weapons.

The counter-argutive, gone… I’m going from certain discussions. It sort of argues itself, yeah. The counterargument, and I’ll raise it, is well, if you start putting pressures on Iran, they’ll go to a bomb, right? Well, no, actually yes. This is the threat. I don’t think it’ll happen, but the threat is they’ll go to a bomb—one. You know, ever, you remember I drew that line in the UN, the red line?

Niblett: Yes.

Netanyahu: It was for a bomb, one bomb – 300 kilos roughly of uranium enriched above 20%, okay?

Niblett: Yeah.

Netanyahu: And it gets non-linear after 20%. So they haven’t done that, so today if they were to do it, that’s as far as they could go. Now, I have reason to believe they won’t go there. But that’s the risk you take. That’s a risk. Fine, there are ways to mitigate that risk. But if you don’t do it and you just leave this agreement, okay, and all those constraints are lifted not by a change of Iran’s behavior, but a change in the calendar, then you’re guaranteed within about a decade—could be less—to have Iran walk, you know, into the enrichment that enables this very fast conversion to a nuclear arsenal, with—how shall I say this?—a kosher seal of international approval. Not a good idea. That’s certainty, as opposed to what I think is a manageable risk.

Niblett: Well, so, it would require other countries to back in on this as well, not just the United Kingdom. You said the P5. Let me just bring Russia up quickly and then I’ll turn a little bit more closer to home. But on Russia, here’s a country you’ve invested a fair amount of diplomatic effort into. I think I read in the papers today they just signed a 30 billion energy deal. President Putin is visiting Tehran currently. So, what makes you think that the Russians, for example—pick one country—would get in behind this kind of an approach, such that a deal like this could be changed? Russia’s playing a very clever role, it strikes me right now, across the Middle East, playing each side, as it often does, not necessarily looking for a big solution, but looking for tactical advantage for Russia in particular. What makes you think that a country like Russia—I think you know President Putin reasonably well—would circle in behind this kind of an idea?

Netanyahu: The fact that Russia has economic interests with Iran doesn’t mean that it doesn’t have an interest to prevent Iran from having nuclear weapons. I don’t think it makes sense for Iran to have this empire. Iran wants to have now an empire. Can I use this? [Indicates map]

Niblett: You can use that, exactly. There are not many borders on that one.

Netanyahu: I can’t write on it, right? Okay, so, well, here’s Iran. Iran wants this land bridge right to the sea, from Tartus, from Tehran really to Tartus in the Mediterranean. That’s what… They want a land bridge. They’re already here in Yemen and so they are expanding this, trying to expand this empire. We’ll block them in Syria, but we’ll talk about that. But is it in Russia’s interest to have this resurgent Persian Shiite empire that wants to mobilize Muslim populations around the world. Russia has quite a few of those, including millions in Moscow itself. To have that regime with an arsenal of a hundred or two hundred nuclear weapons, and the means to deliver them, is that in the interest of Russia? I’m not sure.

Niblett: And as you said…

Netanyahu: So there could be conflicting interests, and I think we should talk and I do talk to Mr. Putin about that. And I think there’s also tension right now between Russia and Iran. After the job of dismantling ISIS in Syria and Iraq is completed, I think there is natural competition on economic resources and on military presence. And the upshot of it is this: You may or may not be able to secure for the position that I say that is not… I don’t particularly care about the agreement, whether it stays or not. It’s preventing, preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons and the means to deliver them that is what I look at. If you can do it within the agreement by tightening the bolts, fine. If you have to do it without the agreement, fine too. But I think we must do it, because if not, within a few short years, we’ll have not a North Korean situation, but something infinitely more dangerous: a cause, a global cause of domination of irrational ideology, armed with an arsenal of nuclear weapons, by a country that has the GDP, thirty times the GDP of North Korea. Not good for the peace of the world.

Niblett: Okay, point made. And let me, also the connections one could draw in North Korea, but let me… We’ve got limited time and I want to come out to the guests here in five, ten minutes. Let me just turn round as you’re here on the Balfour Declaration centenary. Let me just cut straight to the chase. Do you think that Israel has a responsibility as well for meeting the full declaration in its full entirety? In other words, including making sure that Palestinians have a future within Palestine, which the Balfour Declaration referred to. It talked about the creation of an Israeli state or a Jewish state in Palestine. So, part of the context for Israel’s ability to be able to, you know, get allies behind it is a sense that this internal conflict is also in a stage of resolution. To what extent do you think Israel has a responsibility itself for helping Palestinians achieve progress within the territories and having a two-state solution? Not what’s the responsibility of the Palestinians—to what extent do you think Israel also as a beneficiary of the declaration sees part of the future as its responsibility?

Netanyahu: Well, of course it’s our responsibility and our desire, because we live there. And having been in a couple of wars, I can tell you wars are bad and they’re very tragic, and you lose friends and you lose loved ones. And peace is better than war. Non-war is better than war. But a war in peace is better than a cold one. So is it achievable? Is it desirable? Yes. How do you achieve it? You’d need, well, we always say you need two to tango? In the Middle East, I think you need three or four to get it going, but of course you need it. You can’t, you can’t do it unilaterally. You can have a non-war unilaterally, because we can exert the power of deterrence. But to have peace or a warmer peace beyond non-belligerence requires mutual efforts.

Now, the Balfour Declaration—and by the way, I think there’s promise because of what I told you about the reaction to Iran. Everything I say about Iran, you will hear either whispered or spoken softly, but in the same vehemence in most of the capitals of the Middle East, virtually all of them. They always say, “You tell them.” Well, I did. I just did. I did this in the Congress. But they always tell me, “You tell them, you tell them.” And I say, “Well, why don’t you tell them too?” But we tell you. Okay.

And you know, when Arabs and Israelis are saying the same thing, it’s worth paying attention to it, because it didn’t happen that often in the last one hundred years. But it’s happening now with greater force. And I think there’s a lot of hope in that.

Vis-à-vis the Palestinians, there’s been movement in the Arab world, not only in the capitals. You might want to do this. It’s an interesting study; it’ll save you some money. You might want to scour the internet, and admittedly you’re only looking at the internet in the Arab world, and look at the attitudes towards Israel. And I think you’ll find something interesting happening: that as you move towards the Persian Gulf, or as they call it the Arab Gulf, you will find that attitudes to Israel are mellowing considerably. They’re still very hardened, you know, in the Palestinians, in our immediate vicinity, but they sort of mellow out. Because one thing is to have the regimes understand that Israel is their, not their enemy but their indispensable ally in the battle against Iran and militant Islam—and they understand that—but it’s another to have that begin to percolate to other societies.

Well, what about the Palestinians? Okay, why don’t we have peace? I mean, it’s a good question. The Palestinians say, well, because you issued the Balfour Declaration, then you took our land away from us. Now we’ll get into a long historical debate on who was there first and who kicked out whom, okay? That’s an interesting question. But I will say that our attachment to this land only goes back 3,800 years to the time of Abraham. Not 4,000 – 3,800 years. It’s been continuous and important.

But the argument of course is that we came in in the 19th century and drove out the Palestinians from a thriving, you know, verdant Palestine. Okay? That’s the narrative and people actually believe it, okay. I don’t say that there weren’t Palestinians there, I’m saying that there weren’t many and it wasn’t a national ethos. It’s a fact. Yasser Arafat says that the Zionist invasion began in 1881, but Mark Twain visited Palestine in 1869, wrote his most successful book in his lifetime, Innocents Abroad, and described Palestine. He said, “Empty. Sits in sackcloth and ashes. We passed through the Galilee for a whole day. We didn’t see a single human being.” So. And the same thing was said by, a few years later—before the purported invasion—by Arthur Penrhyn Stanley. Do you know who Arthur Penrhyn Stanley is?

Niblett: I’ve never heard of him.

Netanyahu: You don’t. God, how soon they forget. He’s buried right next to Queen Elizabeth in Westminster Abbey. He was that important. He was the great English cartographer of the 19th century, so great that he deserved this point of honor, you know? You go there and it says… Remember Churchill? All right, well, they remember Arthur. They don’t remember Arthur Penrhyn Stanley. He describes. He says, “I stand in Judea.” This is maybe two years before the, one year before the purported invasion. He says, “I stand in Judea,” Judea mind you, “and I look north and I look south and I,” almost echoing Mark Twain, “I don’t see a single human being.”

So where did, where is that verdant hill? In fact, what happened is this. There were Arabs there. The Zionist return had been preceded… preceded the Balfour Declaration by about 30, 40 years, began then. Jerusalem had a Jewish majority by 1850. But the Jews came back, including my great-grandfather, in the late 19th century. The only Jew who came from North America to Palestine, he was a Litvak, but they called him “The Amerikaner.” I wonder what his accent was like. Okay, but Jews came and began to build farms. They began to build hospitals. They began to do orchards, industrial sites. And a lot of Arabs were added to the population. They came from Egypt. They called themselves el-Masri. Masri is Egyptian. Halabi from Haleb. And so on. And they became to be known as what are called now Palestinians.

I don’t want them thrown out. Okay? But there was a question: What to do? What to do with this country, with this ancient land, the old land of Israel that was going to facilitate the rebirth of a modern state, and in the same time there are Arab inhabitants there. Balfour’s suggestion was interesting. Balfour said, “Okay, you can have a home, which looks like a prelude to a state, but you have to take care of the civic and religious rights of the local inhabitants,” meaning the, what we call the…

Niblett: Not prejudiced, rather than take care of. The implication wasn’t that it was all, therefore it was to be shared, yeah, and so…

Netanyahu: I’m, I’m not even arguing that, I’m just saying…

Niblett: But let me just do… Because we haven’t, spend more time on history, I’m worried on time.

Netanyahu: This really gets now, this is where you start to lance the boil and you are stopping me…

Niblett: Well no, we’ll go and answer…You have to answer very quickly, boils are lanced with one prick.

Netanyahu: Oh my God, actually not.

Niblett: Well then, let’s not go into boils…

Netanyahu: I had a boil when I was, when I entered the army, and this is serious, this is a worthy aside, I mean if I have the time, you should have… I joined the army in 1967, right after the Six Day War. My brother had been, had already been released, he was wounded in the Golan Heights a few hours before the end of the war. He went to Harvard, and he wrote me letters from Harvard telling me what I should do. And the most important advice he gave me is how to lance a boil. Contrary to what you said. He said, “You’re going to have,”—because we walked a lot— he said, “What you do in the evening is you take a needle and a thread. You put the needle, you thread, you puncture the boil and leave the thread and it will take all night, but in the morning the boil will be lanced.” I’m not going to stay here until next morning, but if we come back to this, I’ll lance this boil.

Niblett: That’s a metaphor, okay, but my key, the last point I want to make here though, you talked about this, this empty-ish land. You now have four and a half million Palestinians in the Palestinian territories, including Gaza. You have 1.8, 1.9 million Arab citizens in Israel. None of them, either the Arab citizens living in Israel, or those living in Palestinian territories have the same rights as Israeli citizens. You know, whether it’s those in Israel who, numerous reports have pointed out, will find certain elements in social rights, economic rights, more difficult to be able to access, and certainly those on the other side don’t. So this is a very full land now, yeah? Full land with almost equal parity in terms of population. So the status quo strikes me as unsustainable, potentially the most dangerous issue to the future of Israel, more so than Iran. Ultimately, you know, a country goes from inside rather than outside…

Netanyahu: Don’t, don’t, don’t make it easy for us. It’s not that easy. Iran is very dangerous, but you obviously raise an important point. Not your assessment of the status of civic rights for non-Jews in Israel, because that’s absurd. I mean, the only place, if I can speak openly, the only place in the Middle East and in many areas beyond the Middle East where Arabs enjoy full civic rights is in Israel. I mean, we have a Supreme Court judge who’s an Arab, with Arab Knesset members, Arabs in government, a Druze in my government, minister, and so on. They have the freedom of speech. Then they have other things, and of course there are gaps…

Niblett: There are plenty of laws… [Cross-talk] Property recovery laws…

Netanyahu: Of course there is… No, no. No, no. On the contrary. I mean there are gaps. It doesn’t mean that if you have civic equality that you don’t have gaps, and you do take… I mean the only place where, you know, we take affirmative action for Arabs, because I believe it, but I’ll tell you. My government… The government that took the greatest amount, invested the greatest amount in reducing those gaps, investing in Arab communities was a previous government. It invested 1 billion shekels. That was my government. But it’s been superseded by my present government, because we just announced a multi-year plan for 50 billion shekels, so I believe in this, I believe….

Niblett: One thing we’ve learned in the United Kingdom and other places is actually money doesn’t always help.

Netanyahu: Well, it’s not…

Niblett: It’s a help, but in the end a sense of nationhood, the emotional connection to, to belonging to a nation is remarkably powerful, as you know.

Netanyahu: Correct, but I want to answer your question.

Niblett: Okay.

Netanyahu: And I think it’s a good one. I think that the, I want to see the Arabs of Israel enter Israeli society, enter it in the professions, in hi-tech. They’re already in politics and in government. Enter it in academia, enter it in this remarkable success story that the Israeli tiger leaping forward. They should be a part of it. So I want to see that and naturally this larger battle between modernists and medievalists, you know, where we are and where we want all our citizens to be, no question about that. And that does require investment.

You know, if an Arab mother wants to go to work, there have to be roads inside and public transport with… inside Arab villages. We’re investing in that. If, you know, if you want those children… I opened the school year in an Arab school last year. I went to an Arab school. It’s the first time an Israeli prime minister did that. And there was a beautiful little girl there, and she said, I said, “What do you want to be?” She said, “I want to be a doctor.” And I said, “Good, do it.” There are many doctors, and women Arab doctors in Israel. I said, “Do it. I have two requests. You know, I have one thing that I want you to do. I want you to study Hebrew,” and I’m making the study of Arabic a requirement for Jewish children in Israel.

So, you know, images aside, this is the reality, this is where we put our efforts and our money. Now, aside from the question of Israel’s Arab citizens, okay, which I think are on the best route towards seizing the future of any Arab… I don’t say the best. I’ll say there is no other Arab population within the Middle East that is seizing the future as hopefully and as successfully as our Arab citizens.

Aside from that, you asked a question: Well, what about the Palestinian Arabs? What about them? And I say this: I think that the problem is exactly the rejection, the continuous rejection of Balfour, okay? The Balfour Declaration talked about a Jewish national home. They won’t even accept that, so they certainly don’t accept a Jewish national state. Now, if they did, I think that the conflict would be finished. Because I think the real reason this conflict persists is the persistent refusal of the Palestinian leadership to recognize a Jewish state in any boundary, in any boundary. People think it’s the settlements and so on. It’s an issue to be solved, but I don’t think it’s, I think it’s actually a solvable issue.

Niblett: But, but in the end they are not going to get a state for the simple reason as you yourself said, and even Yitzhak Rabin said, “There will be a Palestinian entity next to the Israeli state.” A definition of a state is to control borders, to control airspace. You know, there will be certain settlements left behind. The land will be fully contiguous, though as you pointed out, deeply personal cultural religious sites in Palestinian territories, which an Israeli government will want to be able to have, you know, connection to and direction to and their citizens get into. So isn’t the reality the Palestinians will never have a state as maybe they think of a state and as others think of a state? It will be somehow a continuation or an extension of Israel?

Netanyahu: I think it’s time to time to think before I answer you specifically about that, and I will. By the way, if I fudge, I’ll tell you I’m fudging, but I’m not going to fudge. I’m actually going… [Cross-talk] I’m going to hit your question head-on. I think it’s time that we reassess whether the model that we have of sovereignty and unfettered sovereignty is applicable everywhere around the earth, the globe. In fact, you don’t really apply.

Niblett: Well, don’t tell that to British people, because we…. [Cross-talk]

Netanyahu: You don’t really apply, because you just had a referendum challenging that, and you say, you know, we don’t want outside controls on our economy. I’m not going to argue that. By the way, I don’t want to get into that, but you know, you can ask Alexis Tsipras, my friend, really I’m saying that, my friend, my good friend, in Greece whether Greece has complete economic sovereignty. I won’t answer that one, but I’ll raise the question, so that our constraints on what we are traditionally concerned, what concerns sovereign powers, okay? In the model of the complex world where we are, okay? But when we get to the question of the Middle East with failed states, with territories that, in which Western powers leave, including Israeli power leaves. And immediately it’s taken over by militant Islam, which is what happened to us in Gaza.

We gave Gaza to the Palestinians. We gave the key to Abu-Mazen, the head of the Palestinian Authority, and within seconds literally—it didn’t take… it took a little more, but not much more—militant Islam came in, Iran came in. Hamas rules it and Islamic Jihad, Iran’s direct proxy is there, firing thousands of rockets into Israel. We left southern Lebanon, same thing happened. Hezbollah came in, they fired thousands of rockets at Israel. We could do the same in the West Bank. It’ll happen again. It’s a choice between a green flag or a black flag, whether it’ll be Hamas or it’ll be ISIS, or ISIS’s successor, and Iran on our doorstep. That is not peace, and by the way, it’s not going to be freedom for the Palestinians either, because I don’t think the Palestinians in Gaza are free. They are basically held hostage by these killers who periodically execute them. They don’t chop their heads off, they just shoot them in the back of the neck in the public square, periodically, you know. They do that. So I don’t think that’s peace and freedom, and I don’t think it’s…

Niblett: So your point is they’ll have to rethink the notion of sovereignty, and… [Cross-talk]

Netanyahu: So I say that what we have to rethink is one principle—power. The Palestinians ought to have all the powers to govern themselves, but none of the powers to threaten us. The most important that has to be reserved in the hands of Israel is the overriding security responsibility in the tiny area west of the Jordan. From the Jordan River through the West Bank to the sea is all of about 50 kilometers, which is more or less greater London, in diameter, okay? You don’t have space there. I prepared this for Mr. Trump when he came to visit, so I showed him a map and I showed him the distance from the edge of the West Bank to the sea. And I told him, “You know, this is the distance from Trump Tower to the George Washington Bridge.” It’s just too small. Israel can go from a position of great strength to extreme vulnerability if we do another Gaza. The West Bank is 20 times the size of Gaza.

So I don’t want to govern the Arabs in the West Bank. I don’t want to govern the Arabs in Gaza either, but I want to make sure that that territory is not used against Israel, and therefore, for us, the critical thing is to have the overriding security responsibility. When we talk about demilitarizing the West Bank, it will be demilitarized by us. We don’t threaten the Palestinians with annihilation, but unfortunately, there are groups who are doing exactly that to us.
