Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech6knesset060617

Translation

I am happy to see many friends here, friends who have been with us for many years, and at the forefront of the settlement movement for decades. You are the real pioneers of our generation—people who love our country and who have made the wilderness blossom. This place was not always a wilderness. When the people of Israel lived on these hills and mountains and left these terraces, it was not a wilderness. But ever since we were driven out of the country, it awaited the physical and national revival we were to usher in, and we did just that.

The Six Day War brought us back to the parts of the land from which we were disconnected many generations ago, but we always saw them as the heart of our homeland. Forgive me for plagiarizing, but "We have neither taken other men's land, nor holden that which appertaineth to others." This is our country. These are places where great events transpired in the history of our people before the exile: the old city of Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Hebron, Nablus, Anatot, Beit El, the Jordan River Crossing and many more, even Amona. I have the privilege to be the first prime minister in decades to build a new settlement in Judea and Samaria.

I remember myself as a young soldier. I enlisted about two months after the Six Day War, in August 1967, and the first thing we did was many long navigation exercises. I remember the hikes throughout Judea and Samaria with my friends-in-arms and later with my soldiers, climbing mountains and hills, descending to crevices and valleys. There were nights when we stopped at the foot of Mount Shiloh. I told Uri Elitzur, who was my chief of staff and had won me over not because of his exceptional administrative skills, and he was skilled, but first and foremost because of our common values—I told him how I had arrived at Tel Shilo as a soldier and what I had felt there. By the way, I also plan to see the beautiful hostel that was recently built there as part of the Heritage Program that we launched. Standing where the Tabernacle stood during the period of the Judges, and standing at the foot of the Betar Fortress, where the Bar Kokhba fighters fought the Roman army, evokes strong emotions. In all these places I stood with a handful of boys breathing the night air—because it was usually night—and we felt that a great privilege was bestowed upon us: to realize the dream of generations to return home to our ancestral land where we took root thousands of years ago.

I must emphasize this point: When the IDF raised our flag in Judea and Samaria and in the Jordan Valley, it did not take over the territory of any other sovereign country. The fact that the Jordanians were there after 1948 did not grant them internationally recognized territorial rights. I think that there were two countries that recognized them, but no others. On the other hand, the right of the Jewish people to these areas was recognized by the nations of the world 100 years ago, exactly 100 years ago, in the Balfour Declaration, and later in the Versailles Treaty and the League of Nations Mandate.

The term West Bank did not exist back then, and no one thought of separating Judea and Samaria from the rest of the country. Jews could live anywhere. Every now and then, I hear the false claim that we have lost our right to live in these places. Nothing is farther from the truth. We never lost this right, even if we cannot exercise it in practice, which is only a temporary situation, since after all, we have returned to many areas in our homeland.

I must say that in the 19 years between the War of Independence and the Six Day War, when we were not living in Judea and Samaria, there was a clear attempt to wipe out any trace of Jewish presence, of Jewish history, in the region. It is interesting that during that period, Palestinians did not wage a national struggle to liberate themselves from "the burden of occupation." Remarkably, they protested loudly only when our forced absence from these places came to an end. We have returned to our homeland justly and justifiably, and you, my friends, have built a house and planted a tree with your own hands. I have had the privilege to join some of you on several occasions and plant a tree myself, mostly in Gush Etzion, but also in Shiloh and other places.

Those who have been here from the beginning remember the first prefabricated cubic homes—the askubiyot, the first generator and even the first snow. And from a humble beginning, you have created a vast enterprise. Life is bustling again in Hebron, near the Cave of the Patriarchs and Kiryat Arba. Gush Etzion, which was destroyed in 1948, has returned to its former glory. You can go to the Dead Sea via Jericho, and agriculture is flourishing in the Jordan Valley. We saw it a moment ago outside, we had a taste of the valley.

By the way, I'm accompanied here by a child, Daniel, who cannot see light but radiates light. He also has great taste. He tasted the fruit and said it was excellent. And I'm telling you, the fruit is excellent. Not long ago I visited Ariel, the capital of Samaria, a vibrant city with an excellent university. I am proud that the governments under my leadership promoted its approval and growth. Jewish and Arab students study there side by side, demonstrating true coexistence. Along with our desire to reach an agreement with our Palestinian neighbors, we will continue maintaining and strengthening the settlement enterprise. We do this responsibly and with discretion, taking into account a wide range of considerations. I will tell you what I told President Obama and President Trump, what I said at the UN podium, what I told the US Congress and what I say everywhere and to the hundreds of world leaders who come here. I will also say so to the Ethiopian Prime Minister, whom I will visit next, although he has already heard it. This conflict is not over territory. It is not a conflict over Judea, Samaria and Gaza. Otherwise, it should not have erupted when Judea, Samaria and Gaza were in Arab hands.

This conflict is not about the establishment of a state. Regrettably, this conflict is about the destruction of a state—trying to prevent its establishment for decades and then destroying it after it was established. Therefore, the countries of the world must unequivocally demand, as we demand, that the Palestinians finally recognize the Jewish state, the nation-state of the Jewish people, that they forego their demands and what they call "the right of return." They must recognize our right to live here in our country.

This is the fundamental principle, it is the cornerstone, the root of the conflict, and you can't address the problem if you don't recognize its roots. I think that this message is gradually seeping through. I hear that countries are demanding this, but there is still much work to do, because Palestinian propaganda incites hatred towards Israel, triggers their desire to stab and murder Israelis, and denies our right to live in any part of our country. We still have a long way to go before we see change. And I clarify that everyone has the right to live in their home; no one will be uprooted from their home. I am not saying that 50 years of propaganda which have changed the understanding of the root of the conflict and of the minimal and fundamental requirements to resolve it have not changed global public opinion. We have come a long way, but we still have a long way ahead of us. We have lived through difficult times, and we have endured together, but we face this problem with every new government. I am not going to detail the ideas that have come up. Those who need to know them, do. And we have not accepted things that would undermine the foundations of our right and things that we believe to be essential.

I am doing what is necessary to preserve Jewish settlement in Judea and Samaria, and I assure you, no one has done more. We convened the cabinet and adopted a resolution unanimously, which was then delivered to others. The resolution stipulates the following: First, we are building in all parts of Judea and Samaria, and we are planning to build more in all parts of Judea and Samaria. We are building from the inside out. This means that we build in the settlements when there is room to build, and if we need to expand due to circumstances—children are born, people join communities—we will build in close proximity to already existing housing, and that's how we are planning it. That's the guideline we accepted. I think this gives us a lot. We have much to gain and we also have much to lose. My friends, and I do not call you my friends as lip service. There are real friends here: ministers, deputy ministers, Knesset members, heads of settlements, activists. Gershon is the first person who suggested that I go into politics. Gershon, it's all your fault. I remember our conversations decades ago. If we work together, we can preserve the settlement enterprise, continue to develop it and avoid bringing disaster upon it. This is the most important thing, to act together.

If you look back at the political history of the newly re-established Israel, when we stood together, we succeeded. When we were divided, not only did we lose. The State of Israel, the settlement movement and Israel's security all lost out. I also came here today to congratulate you and us on the important work and to say clearly: we will continue to maintain the settlement enterprise; we will continue to protect our country and we will continue to defend our country together.
