Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechsixdaywar240517

[Translation]

Fifty years have passed, and we do not forget any of your loved ones. The glory of their deeds is forever etched in our hearts. The war lasted six days and six nights, and it completely changed Israel's situation and standing. The headlines excitedly pronounced the accomplishments of the historic battle, the amazing tales of heroism – and that is what they were. But other pages in the newspapers, the obituaries, told another story, that of the anguish felt in hundreds of homes in Israel. The two stood side by side – great salvation and great loss.

We sent our best sons and daughters into the harsh battle to prevent the destruction of Israel. The propaganda machines of our enemies churned out hatred and threatened our obliteration. The fate of the country was at stake. I remember well a book written by three American journalists after the war ended. The title of the novel was If Israel Lost the War. One can truly imagine what would have happened if Israel had been defeated, if that horrific scenario had occurred.

But it did not. It did not become reality for one reason: the courage of our soldiers and their commanders. We were not defeated – we defeated. Our soldiers knew that a noose had been put around our neck. They understood that we had to be the masters of our own fate when the world just stood by. And so they came out with vigor to fight in a war of salvation that could not be more justified.

I just told the Chief of General Staff Gadi Eizenkot that I met my brother, Yoni, who was already a young soldier in the reserve army, in the orchards surrounding Ramla. I landed in Israel at the end of May, after dark, and the next day I went looking for him in the orchards. I found him with reserve soldiers from the Paratroopers Brigade, at the end of a long row of trees. He was surprised to see me. We embraced and then I asked him what would happen. He said, quoting the Bible, "We will smite them hip and thigh." Those were the words he used.

I saw the paratroopers, our soldiers, and I thought, though I was not certain, that we would smite them hip and thigh. And from "a people that shall dwell alone," we became "a people that riseth up as a lion." In Sinai, on the Golan Heights, in the Gaza Strip, in Judea and Samaria and in Jerusalem. If it were not for the brave IDF soldiers, we would not have reunified our capital city, and we would not fly our flag above the Western Wall.

The blood of the fallen was not spilled in vain. With their sacrifice, they saved a nation. With their loyalty, they rescued a country from trouble. Their example helped shape future generations. Brothers Shimon and Shlomo Kenigsbuch both fell in that war. Shimon was killed in a shelling of a post on the Gilboa, and Shlomo on the southern front. Their sister, Batsheva Hoffart, raised her children on the legacy of their uncles. When her son, Dror Weinberg, was a two-and-a-half-year-old toddler, he said to her, "One day I will take a big hammer and smash Shimon and Shlomo's pictures. Then they will come out of the pictures and you, Mommy, will stop crying."

Thirty-five years later, Dror, a colonel in the IDF, fell in an attack on the road to the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. Over the years, Batsheva lost another brother and another son, and her grandson, Yoav, an officer in the Golani Brigade, was wounded in Operation Defensive Edge. Despite all the loss she has suffered, Batsheva continues to be hopeful. She said, "With the weight of bereavement on my shoulders, I walk down the path of life with my head held high." Batsheva Hoffart's words provide a definitive answer to the question "Why? What did the boys die for?" The answer lies in understanding the significance of the rebirth of Israel. We have a home, we have a state, and to protect it, we must be willing to sacrifice ourselves. Only then will our future be guaranteed in the land of our fathers, the land of our sons.

This does not mean that we do not want alliances and allies. Any country, even superpowers, wants to have alliances and allies, even more so a country as small as the State of Israel, mighty as we may be. And countries are seeking relationships with us because they acknowledge our strength.

We were just visited by the President of the United States Donald Trump, the president of our greatest ally. The US is committed to maintaining Israel's qualitative advantage in the Middle East. Three days ago, America pledged a further 75 million dollars to the aid package for missile defense. We greatly appreciate the assistance and the important support. However, I would like to emphasize once more: History has proven that the defense of the State of Israel depends on our ability and our preparedness to defend ourselves by ourselves against any threat. That is what happened at the fateful junctions of our existence: in 1948, in the War of Independence; in 1973, in the Yom Kippur War; and in the Six Day War.

My brothers and sisters, fifty years after the six days of glory, we still have not reached the long-desired peace and calm. Our hand is extended in peace, but if an enemy raises a sword against us, we will not hesitate to exact the full price from our attackers. And we will always, always remember the fallen soldiers. Our country exists thanks to them. And we shall find comfort in the building of our country.

May their memory be blessed.
