Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmacedonia040917

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today met with Macedonian Prime Minister Zoran Zaev in Jerusalem. Prime Minister Zaev arrived with a delegation including Deputy Prime Minister Kocho Angjushev, Deputy Prime Minister and Interior Minister Oliver Spasovski, Economic Minister Kreshnik Bekteshi and Agriculture Minister Ljupco Nikolovski. Prime Minister Netanyahu was accompanied by Minister of Economy and Industry Eli Cohen and Deputy Minister Michael Oren.

During the meeting the delegations discussed deepening economic and political cooperation between Israel and Macedonia, especially in the fields of energy, agriculture, start-ups and technology.

The head of their delegation invited Prime Minister Netanyahu to an official visit to Macedonian. Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Prime Minister, welcome to you and your delegation, this is a great moment in our relations. I have to say that it could have been a moment of crisis because we lost 0-1 to the Macedonian football team, and I understand you were at the game. Next time maybe I'll come to the rematch, but congratulations on being here. We are both small nations, democratic nations, with strong affinity, it was expressed most recently when we sent some firefighting planes to help extinguish forest fires, so we are friends in good weather, in bad weather, in stormy days, rainy days and days of fire. So were eager both to see a better future, we are here to talk about a range of fields, where we can cooperate for the betterment of our peoples and our countries, we remember the tragedy also that befell the Jews of Macedonia 75 years ago, we know, we always remember that, and we are very, very pleased to have the opportunity to talk with you both about our bilateral relations and also about standing up for Israel in international forums, it's something that Macedonia has done and we appreciate it and hope we'll continue to do so. For all these reasons I want to welcome you to Jerusalem. Welcome. " Macedonian Prime Minister Zaev:

"We have the honor to meet the high representatives here in Israel. As you know yesterday we visited the president of the country, and we had a very good meeting with the business community, we saw the startups, the accelerators, we visited very important companies here in Israel, hoping that they help us for further cooperation and especially in the economic level. We define that with Israel we don't have open issues, open questions, we are a very friendly country and we are very happy because we are here in Israel, hoping that our cooperation will be mainly in two levels: the first level, what Israel is a good example of in the workplace, that is cooperation for the security and for world peace, and hoping through organizations like NATO, what we intend to be a member of NATO, we will continue to be cooperating with Israel in that way because that threat of the radicalism and extremism is really present here in this region against Israel, but also against my small country Macedonia, and the whole region in the western part of the Balkans. We cooperated in the level of security and the level of defense until now, and I know we will increase this cooperation because it's in the interest of both nations and their citizens. I hope that we will have a lot to learn from Israel, for high-tech, for the startups, to open jobs for our youth, that is one of the important things for any Prime Minister, I suppose for any government, also, for my government. We are a new government, 3 months until now and this is one of my first visits and I am very happy, because I'm here with the delegation of the government in Israel. I want to confirm once again that, I would like to point that Macedonia highly respects the cultural heritage of the Jewish people in our country, we remember the victims of the Holocaust, with a message to never be repeated. In 2011 the memorial center for the Holocaust of the Jews of Macedonia was opened, and since 2015 we work actively on fully repairing and rehabilitating the Jewish cemetery in Bitola and the construction of a memorial park. That is something I want to stress here, especially because that is the honest approach from my citizens to the friendly citizens of Israel. Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Well thank you, these are important projects commemorating the past, and without the past we have no future, we learn from the past to secure the future, I'm glad you have now the opportunity and have had the opportunity to see Israel's various technological progress, we have to share it with you, as in many other fields as well, so welcome."
