Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventcorporation200317



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with the heads of China's largest corporations, each of which has a turnover of tens of billions of dollars. Among those present were the chairpersons of Wanda, Alibaba, Wahaha, Lenovo and Baidu.

The Prime Minister expressed Israel's willingness to continue opening to the Chinese market and to increase bilateral trade. He presented the attractiveness of investing in Israel as well as its unique human capital.

Accompanying Prime Minister Netanyahu are Economy Minister Eli Cohen, Environmental Protection Minister Zeev Elkin and Health Minister Yaakov Litzman. The Prime Minister called on them to cooperate with Israeli companies in Israel, in China and in other countries around the world.

Afterwards, Prime Minister Netanyahu attended a business / economic forum with over 600 Israeli and Chinese businesspeople. He called on the Chinese businesspeople to adopt Israeli technology in order to continue to raise the standard of living in China.

The Israeli delegation to the forum – organized under the aegis of the Export Institute – is composed of dozens of businesspeople from a variety of industries and companies (including IDE, Bank Leumi, Bank Hapoalim, Tnuva, NaanDanJain and others) that either operate in China or are interested in penetrating the Chinese market. Delegation members are due to meet with hundreds of Chinese businesspeople.

The forum was organized by Economy and Industry Ministry commercial attaches at Israel's missions in China

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I just met with 11 heads of the largest corporations in China. A major portion of them are investing in Israel and a major portion of them will invest in Israel. This means jobs, the development of businesses and a link to the major Chinese markets. This is good for the citizens of Israel and for the Israeli economy. I told them that in today's world there are several concentrations of technology, not many, the US, Israel, and Israel is open for business with China."