Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventromania040517



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, in Jerusalem, met with Romanian Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. The two discussed increasing bilateral cooperation in – inter alia – cyber, agriculture and trade. Also participating in the meeting were Economy and industry Minister Eli Cohen as well as the Romanian Defense, Economy and Diaspora Affairs ministers.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Romanian Prime Minister Grindeanu signed a joint declaration on the reduction of international roaming tariffs. Minister Cohen and his Romanian counterpart, Mihai Tudose, signed a joint declaration on economic cooperation in order to increase the scope of bilateral trade.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"This is a continuation of a great friendship that Israel has with Romania. There are 400,000 Israelis of Romanian origin. They are very good friends – my doctor – and so many others, but we feel a special and intimate kinship with Romania. We’ve been there many times.

I welcome you on this visit. I look forward to our G2G meetings, which enhance this relationship.

Prime Minister, you’ve taken a very strong stance against anti-Semitism, against the desecration of cemeteries, Jewish cemeteries, and I want to thank you for that and express our appreciation.

We’re going to sign a joint declaration today on roaming rates, how to bring down cellular costs and help businesspeople from our two nations. I think we have great opportunities. We’re small countries, but we want to seize the future. I think the future, in many ways, is dependent on the development and use of technology. Israel is eager to discuss this with you in many, many fields. We’ve begun that discussion. We’re keeping you waiting because we have so much to talk about and we will continue to do so.

Our ministers of economy are going to sign an agreement on joint cooperation and we are going to discuss other areas as well, in addition to technology: health, security. I believe that it’s a limitless opportunity.

So, in a spirit of great friendship, I want to welcome you to Jerusalem and tell you that we shall be meeting I think next week, next year in Bucharest, or next year in Jerusalem? I haven’t kept track, but either one is good. And you’re most welcome.

I look forward to discussing with President Trump the best ways to advance peace. This is something we fervently share with the President. I heard President Abbas yesterday say that they teach, Palestinians teach their children peace. That’s unfortunately not true. They name their schools after mass murderers of Israelis and they pay terrorists. But I hope that it’s possible to achieve a change and to pursue a genuine peace. This is something Israel is always ready for. I’m always ready for genuine peace."