Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart230417



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

"This evening we will mark the start of

Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Day

. I will speak this evening at Yad Vashem about the great significance of the transition from the Holocaust to revival, from the people that is a driven leaf, helpless, to a sovereign people with a defensive force that is among the strongest in the world.

But this morning I would like to relate to one point. In recent years, my governments have substantially increased budgets for the Holocaust survivors living among us. However, we must ensure that these budgets indeed reach the survivors. On this issue I know that corrections and improvements can be made; therefore, I have decided to personally head a ministerial team that will include the ministers of Finance, Health, Social Welfare and Social Services, Construction and Housing, and Justice. We will work together and quickly to ensure quality of life and respectable existence for the Holocaust survivors in their remaining years. We have no greater obligation than this.

Over the weekend I made it clear that the Palestinian Authority needs to stop financing the terrorists that sit in prison and the families of the terrorists who were killed while committing their crimes. This is a simple and clear test of the Palestinians' desire for peace. One cannot be for peace with Israel and at the same time extol and finance the murderers of Israelis and of other innocents.

Regarding the security prisoners' strike, which includes many of these same murderers, we are leading a determined and responsible policy in accordance with international norms and not terrorist diktat.

I would like to say a few words to the bereaved families. The entire people of Israel is united around you who have lost what is dearer than anything on behalf of the security of Israel. We know, I know, that the independence of Israel has entailed an unbearably heavy price and we are all with you in your deep pain. As Prime Minister and the son of a bereaved family, I heard what was said last week in the Knesset in the heat of debate. I regret that these remarks were made; an immediate apology was necessary and it is good that this was done.

On the eve of the days of remembrance and independence, we must again remember that national unity is the most important thing. This is the source of our strength and also the foundation of our future."