Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzogmemo040417

[Translation]

Distinguished guests,

On my way here I was briefed about the horrific events that took place in Syria today. The images that we have all seen must surely shock everyone to their core.

The State of Israel harshly condemns the use of chemical weapons under any circumstances, especially against defenseless civilians and children. I just spoke with Justice Miriam Naor, President of the Supreme Court, and I told her about the pictures I saw of young children with gaping mouths, eyes bulging, who died of suffocation.

The State of Israel calls upon the international community to fulfill its commitment from 2013 and complete the removal of chemical weapons from Syria. Otherwise, international pledges and treaties are worthless. The brutal war that has been raging near our border for six years underscores the imperative for a sovereign State of Israel and the Israel Defense Forces. We will forever defend ourselves by ourselves against any enemy, against any threat. No one understood that better than the late Chaim Herzog, who declared it on stages around the world, in Hebrew and in English. So I will say this in English:

[Transcription] When I saw pictures of babies suffocating from a chemical attack in Syria, I was shocked and outraged. There's no, none, no excuse whatsoever for the deliberate attacks on civilians and on children, especially with cruel and outlawed chemical weapons. I call on the international community to fulfill its obligation from 2103 to fully remove these horrible weapons from Syria.[End Transcription]

Chaim Herzog was among those who paved our path to independence. He answered the call of duty and took part in the resolute battle to establish the State, and then continued to play a role in bolstering our strength as a sovereign country.

Thirty years ago, when he was President, he was on an official visit to Paris as a guest of the French President Françoise Mitterrand. He was with Mitterrand in his car and they drove down the Champs-Élysées, which was adorned with Israeli flags. Herzog saw through the windows that many Jews were waving at him excitedly. When Mitterrand asked him how it made him feel, Herzog replied that he was envisioning the flags that were flown along the same avenue at another parade, the German military procession in honor of Hitler. A moment later he added: "Where are the Nazis today and where are we?"

Chaim Herzog, one of the British liberators of Bergen Belsen, never took the existence of the State of Israel for granted. He wrote: "I have seen the Jewish people rise from the horrifying abyss of the Holocaust and soar with scarred wings to the heights of the sovereign State of Israel in the Land of Israel." He clearly saw the threats against us, but he also had strong faith in our ability to curb those threats. He vehemently rejected libelous accusations against us and demonstrated great pride in the accomplishments of the State.

Mr. President, like you and others who were here in Israel at the time, I too remember Herzog's clear, strong words on the Voice of Israel before and during the Six Day War. As a young boy, I hung onto his every word, as did many others. Herzog bolstered the collective spirit of the Israeli people during those hard times. I was awestruck by his confidence, his inner calm, his conviction in our strength.

A few weeks from now, we will commemorate the jubilee anniversary of that war, and I am sure that Herzog's voice will resonate once more and remind us of that tremendous victory, which culminated in the reunification of Jerusalem. We all remember his resoluteness as he stood at the UN podium and repudiated the resolution equating Zionism with racism. The image of our ambassador to the United Nations tearing that outrageous resolution to shreds is etched in our national consciousness, and I can tell you, in international consciousness too.

He did so after delivering a fiery speech in which he decried the hypocrisy and deep-rooted hatred of the Arab states and the states which backed them toward the Jewish state. Nine years later, I was appointed ambassador to the United Nations. The first person I went to consult with was Chaim Herzog. And every time I stand on the UN stage, at that podium, I am reminded of him standing there, and it evokes in me, in us all, ongoing inspiration.

We must continue to stand decisively, united against the culture of lies that has permeated the ranks of the United Nations. We continue to fight vigorously against the knee-jerk, absurd condemnations of Israel, and Chaim Herzog is one of our mentors in this battle. As President of the State of Israel, Chaim Herzog frequently expressed his great admiration for the State of Israel, its achievements, the light that shines from it.

Herzog was proud of all our accomplishments and our contribution to the world. Since then, our accomplishments and contributions have multiplied. Israel harnesses its strength and innovation capabilities to help many countries, and more countries are added to the list weekly.

We are improving the lives of millions with our know-how in technology, water, medicine, agriculture, renewable energy and transportation – in every field. Herzog would take exception to what he referred to as expressions of the Jewish tendency to self-flagellate. He warned against certain things that could happen. He also continued to espouse decisiveness, striving for peace and achieving peace, even when peace was not achieved. But he added: "It is good and right to look at the whole picture from the right perspective. We will find that, compared to other peoples, we have nothing to be ashamed of." And I would add, as he believed, that we have much to be proud of.

These three points – the clear and confident stance vis-à-vis our enemies, rejecting the libelous attacks against us and his immense pride in the accomplishments of our country – were prominent traits, admirable characteristics of Chaim Herzog's personality and work.

We all cherish his great contribution to our people and our State. May his memory be blessed.
