Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech6days050617

Distinguished guests, and in particular the commanders and fighters of the Six Day War, who rescued us from the danger and won a historic victory for our people and country. As it was 50 years ago, so it is this evening: I see here a consolidation of human strength, shoulder to shoulder, united in love for Israel. And, like 50 years ago, we all salute your courage, heroism and determination with deep appreciation. You created a turning point in the history of Israel. You tipped the scales to life and not to failure; you dealt the final blow to our enemies and thwarted the plot to strangle us. This miraculous war of defense—the most just and moral war—provided us with an abundance of achievements: It proved to our enemies that we are not a nomadic people. You have to understand what they thought about the State of Israel to that point. They thought it was just a matter of cutting through its narrow center, and that would be the end of it. And you proved that our roots are planted here forever. This war freed us from the narrow ghetto along the shore, which was constantly threatened by hostile forces. Since then, we have had defensible borders and the ability to repel attacks against us. This war brought us back to other parts of our homeland, to our heritage in the heart of Greater Jerusalem. Above all, the Six Day War taught us a timeless lesson that is also a keystone: Israel will defend itself by itself against any enemy, even against a concentration of enemies. On the eve of the war, we discovered that at the crucial moment, no one will do it for us. When Nasser moved his army toward our border, the UN forces in Sinai were scattered all over. The American promise to preserve Israel’s freedom of navigation in the Straits of Tiran also disappeared into thin air. France outdid itself when it imposed a weapons embargo on us, out of all the nations. We withstood the test alone. That is why we will never go back. We will never abandon our fate to others. This is the fundamental principle. We respect our allies, and first and foremost our great friend the United States, whose support we greatly appreciate, but when being tested, Israel must be willing and capable of striking hard at those who seek to harm us, even fatally. Anyone who plots to destroy us is in danger of extinction.

At the same time, we seek peace with our neighbors—true peace, peace that will last for generations. Therefore, in any settlement, and even without a settlement, we will maintain security control over the entire West Bank area. And this is why we insist that the Palestinians finally recognize the State of Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people. This is the foundation of peace and its negation is preventing us from reaching it. Distinguished guests, today we commemorate fifty years since the Six Days of Glory. They belong first and foremost to you, dear warriors. You charged forward like lions in the Sinai, Gaza, Judea and Samaria, Jerusalem, the Golan Heights. We will always remember the sacrifice of the fallen, who gave their lives to save the State of Israel. Our hearts are with the bereaved families, our thoughts are with the wounded—yes, there are people who still bear their wounds half a century later, who know pain in their body and their soul. My brother Yoni, may he rest in peace, who fought with the paratroopers in the Sinai and was wounded at the end of the war in the battle on the Golan Heights, wrote the following letter to my parents at the end of the battle. “You should have seen our soldiers fighting. There is nothing like our army. It is an army that entirely seeks peace and does not aspire to war at all. But when we have to fight, no power can hold us back." About two months later, I enlisted in the IDF. I did my basic training in Battalion 202 of the Paratroopers, and my commanders were all veterans of the war. My friends and I eagerly listened to their stories, which were engraved in gold letters in the combat legacy of the IDF. At the time there were those who predicted that the era of war had ended, some even said it regretfully, but not I. It was soon clear that reality in the Middle East was stronger than any heart’s desire. We were caught up in the War of Attrition, in which we participated in many operations, quite a few of them behind enemy lines, and in this war and in these operations we lost the best of our peers. Despite this, from one war to the next, the number of countries attacking us decreased. In 1948, five countries. In 1967, three. In 1973, two. And in 1982, one country. And of course the threats have not disappeared since the Six Day War. Many threats have faded, but they have been replaced by new challenges: the challenge posed by the rise of radical Islam, the challenge posed by the rise of Iran and its proxies, and of course the advent of the cyber age and the age of missiles and precision-guided missiles. Nevertheless, there is no doubt that the largest change was in Israel’s condition, in its status and its ability to defend itself. The turning point was the Six Day War, which pushed our border away from the outskirts of Tel Aviv. The picture that emerged at the end of the fighting was clear—the State of Israel is a powerful force in the Middle East. The fact is we are a strong country—strong militarily; in intelligence; and in the economy, because we instituted free market and technological reforms; with a technological genius. All of these things, the genius that is nurtured in the IDF and the security forces, this strength in the military, intelligence, the economy and technology paves paths to peace, bringing us closer to other countries. This morning I returned from Africa, from a conference of West African countries. I was warmly greeted as the prime minister of Israel. I met leaders there who said, "We want you, we appreciate your strength.” Fifty years ago, under pressure from the Arab world, the African countries cut off ties with us. This process began in the wake of the Six Day War, intensified later with the Yom Kippur War, and today the picture is completely reversed: Israel is returning to Africa, with strength. And so it is with other countries around the world, including in our region. There is a substantial change in the attitude of countries in our region towards the State of Israel. They see us and our strength, which was so clearly and sharply demonstrated in the Six Day War. They see us as a partner, rather than an enemy in the joint war against radical Islam. Many countries in the region and around the world can appreciate a determined and consistent fight against terror, and a firm stance against aggression. The seeds sown in the Six Day War still bear important fruits today in ensuring Israel’s national existence in confidence and pride, and I believe peace as well later on. Distinguished guests, before the Six Day War, the country was wrapped in darkness. Some of you here know, certainly the president, who remembers as I do, although perhaps some of you do not remember. There was a sentence that was common here in Israel before the Six Day War. The sentence was, "The last one to leave, please turn off the light." But the light did not go out. It grew stronger. There are many more challenges ahead of us, yet I am certain of one thing: As long as the great spirit of the Six Day War is part of us, we will be able to meet any challenge. Our heroic brothers and sisters—please be strong. The greatness of your actions will never be forgotten. The gratitude of the people and the generations are forever yours.
