Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_tanach190418

- Translation -

We have a wonderful winner and a wonderful runner-up. Well done. I am always moved to be here, because the Bible is the rock of our existence, and this is not an exaggeration or even a statement that can be said without really comprehending its meaning.

I recently read a fascinating book, “Bible and Sword,” written by the renowned historian Barbara Tuchman, describing the attitude of the British Empire to the Middle East and to the Land of Israel. As a world power, Britain relied on the sword – its military strength. But at the same time, British statesmen were deeply influenced by the Bible. They identified with the vision of the return to Zion, and 100 years ago they gave us the Balfour Declaration, which paved the way for international recognition of our independence.

But long before Britain, we were the Bible and the sword—the Jewish people. We have a long tradition of Safra v’Saifah, writer and warrior. This was the case 70 years ago, when Israel's independence was recognized.

We withstood a military campaign against our enemies, fought them bravely and won. At the same time, we drew from our belief in the justice of our path and drew courage from one source: the Bible—the courage of Samson and Gideon, Joshua and King David, and the same spirit that continued on to the Maccabees and Bar Kokhba. We drew strength from it, and this strength was restored to us when we returned to our land. We have not come to a foreign land. We returned to our homeland, to our ancestral inheritance. This is where we are rooted – with the help of God forever and ever.

The verses of the Bible add great spirit to our national existence in our homeland. When the state was founded, the verse “This day you have become a people to HASHEM, your God” was displayed publicly. The Poet of Psalms also refers to “the newborn nation, that which He has done,” and we work incessantly, building the country, strengthening our security forces and innovating.

The Bible teaches us that sometimes we are a stubborn people, but there is also a positive side to this: We preserve our identity, our faith, our values, and do not bow our heads to foreign cultures. In many ways, they are inspired by us.

Regarding “it is a nation that will dwell in solitude,” there are two sides to this statement. On the one hand, we maintain our national uniqueness, and concentrate power in our hands. Last night, at the wonderful torch-lighting ceremony, I said that the essence of independence is the ability to defend ourselves by ourselves, because if we do not defend ourselves, no one else will do it for us. On the other hand, precisely because of this strength, precisely because of the capabilities we have developed to defend ourselves, to build our economy, more and more countries want cooperation with us. That is exactly why our relations with countries around the world are flourishing in an unprecedented manner. So “dwell in solitude” is inaccurate. Our first prime minister, David Ben-Gurion, used to refer to another biblical designation: being the Chosen People. As an ardent admirer of the Bible, Ben-Gurion initiated the Prime Minister's Bible Study Class. Another prime minister, Menachem Begin, continued it.

After a break of many years, I had the privilege of renewing the Prime Minister's Bible Study Class, dedicated to my beloved father-in-law Shmuel Ben-Artzi. Shmuel was a man of spirit and a man of action. He instilled a love for the Bible in many circles. When he visited the sites and landscapes of the Bible with a copy in his hand, no one was happier. He instilled a love for the Bible among many, but first and foremost to our family. His three sons were winners of the Bible Quiz, as was his grandson, our son Avner, who was a national Bible Quiz winner, and later placed as the second runner-up in the international quiz, right here. So my wife and I identify fully with the families present here. We are proud parents, and I know how proud you are of all the wonderful contestants here. Well done.

Here is my message to you, Jewish youngsters from abroad: You read the Bible, you see that this is a real place, that this is our foundation, that our identity and values were created here. You are in our homeland. You are home. We are waiting for you to return to us, this time for good.

Happy Independence Day, Israel.
