Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_hate_har180418

My brothers and sisters, the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks, My heart aches for the loss of your loved ones. We share your pain every day, but on this day in particular, our entire nation mourns with you. We stand with you in deep sorrow.

On the first day of the War of Independence, a day after the United Nations adopted the Partition Plan, an Egged bus making its way from Netanya to Jerusalem was ambushed and shot at. Some of the passengers were killed, others were injured. Alongside the joyous newspaper headlines celebrating the establishment of the State of Israel, were obituaries with their thick black borders. The pages of the newspapers on that first day of our independence symbolize our life here ever since. Happiness and sadness forever intertwined, which is manifested more than ever today. We mourn the loss of our loved ones in the morning and celebrate our independence in the evening.

Terrorist attacks did not start 70 years ago. They began long before, at the dawn of our national revival, and they continued after the Deceleration of Independence, when we already had a state of our own. Each generation faces battles against those who wish us harm.

Last night I attended a very moving event in the Knesset with many of you. While the memorial songs were playing, the families of the victims came to the stage one by one – soldiers and civilians alike. Not a single eye remained dry when Michal Salomon stood there hugging her young daughter, Reut, who tearfully told us about her father. When the terrorist entered the family's home in Halamish, Michal showed great resourcefulness. She instantly ushered her five children up to the top floor and made sure they did not make a sound. Downstairs, her beloved husband Elad, a beloved father to their children, heroically fought the vile terrorist until the bitter end. Elad was murdered in the attack together with his father Yosef and sister Chaya. By fighting the terrorist, Elad managed to save his wife and children.

We will not stop fighting terrorism. It is a global epidemic. It is raging around us and in distant lands as a consequence of militant Islam's extremist barbarism. We are determined to stand resolutely against these fanatics and the ongoing incitement from our neighbors, a big part of whom still refuse to accept our existence. If there are signs of change, and there are some signs of change, they are the result of their recognition of our determination to defend our country and people. This is our homeland, and God willing, we will be here forever. Those who try to harm us will be held accountable.

Victims of the terrorist attacks, dear families, We have lost extraordinary people. When I look at their photos and hear their stories, I can discern immediately, like everybody else, that the murderers took great souls from us. We will hunt down every deplorable murderer, but at the same time we will continue the legacy of our loved ones – we will settle the land, deepen our roots, build communities and strengthen our mutual responsibility.

I saw Yael Shevach from Havat Gilad supporting Miriam Ben-Gal from Har Bracha. I saw Boaz Kokia, whose son Ron was a soldier who was murdered in a stabbing attack in Arad, consoling the mourners saying: "I support others, just like others supported me." I saw bereaved families go to visit Yamam (Israel Police Counter-Terrorism Unit) officers in hospital after being injured in an operation to locate terrorists. People help each other. Our culture of light and life will defeat their culture of darkness and death. We are determined, poised and resolved. We will stand together, shoulder to shoulder, passing the flag of remembrance and the torch of their life's mission from hand to hand and from heart to heart.

I send my best wishes for a full recovery to all the wounded. On behalf of the people of Israel, the citizens of Israel, Jews and non-Jews alike, I tell you that the memory of our loved ones, the victims of the terrorist attacks will forever be etched in the heart of our nation.
