Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_award241018

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Chinese Vice President Wang Qishan, this evening, attended the opening of the Innovation Conference in Jerusalem. Also attending were former Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt, Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma and other senior figures.

Prime Minister Netanyahu awarded the Prime Minister's Prize for Innovation, along with Economy and Industry Minister Eli Cohen and Culture and Sports Minister Miri Regev. The prize was awarded to three Israeli start-ups: In the category of health, the prize was awarded to Einat Metzer, CEO and co-founder of Emedgene. In the field of food, the prize was awarded to Eran Baniel, CEO and co-founder of Doux Matok. In the field of cyber, the prize was awarded to Prof. Yehuda Lindell, Chief Scientist and co-founder of Unbound Tech.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Chinese Vice President Wang spoke.

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks:

"This is an important event, this innovation conference because something is happening here when the Vice President of one of the world's great, greatest economies is here. And when two leaders of two of the small companies of the world are here, two of the top ten, then you know something is happening here. Now what is happening here is innovation. All of human history, all of progress has been put forward because of entrepreneurs who innovate. The past belongs to innovators and the future belongs to those who innovate. Israel is the innovation nation. We want to innovate with you. This is our mission.

We're changing the world in three areas that I'd like to tell you now. We've already changed it in IT. Anyone who holds a cellphone holds a piece of Israel in that cellphone. Among the three areas, the first one is transportation. Today we have a car industry because cars now are fast approaching a situation where 85% of the value of the car is going to be software. It's basically a computer on wheels. Now we can compete. So we have 500 companies in Israel's smart mobility industry. Eric Schmidt bought Waze for a billion dollars. I think it's worth a little more now. And Intel just acquired Mobileye for $15 Billion. And more importantly Intel decided to give Mobileye the headquarters here in Jerusalem for some 30 of its worldwide autonomous vehicle businesses.

Israel is changing the world in that. The second one is something that we're doing in water. The whole world needs water. We are making a big change in water management through technology. We're working in projects in China, in India. We can use that technology to give water to a thirsty world. And water technology is essential because we don't have enough of it. And the main thing that we have discovered is that we can just produce more of it. Israel is very gifted in doing more with less.

The third area that we're dealing with of many, and I think it's the most exciting of them all, which is digital health. And taking this three-layered database we think we can do wonders for preventive medicine, personalized medicine, new drugs, new treatments. This is a very powerful tool. Today, the Vice President and I saw some other advanced industries that are using crowd computing or the cloud or big data, AI and connectivity and the possibilities are literally endless. Israel is at the forefront of this change. This change is called innovation and the rate of change is accelerating. We're investing into R&D, about 5% of our GDP. It's the highest in the world. Our GDP is somewhat smaller than China's I'll have to tell you that but we put a big effort into that because we believe that this is the engine of the future. We have the highest rate of VC investment as a percent of GDP. And we believe that with some 4,000 startups that we have we can actually not only change Israel but truly lead to the betterment of mankind.

The lives of hundreds of millions of people, billions of people are being improved by Israeli technology. But I think it's also a force for peace. We have growing ties with Arab countries. These ties are based on common threats, but they're also increasingly based on common opportunities. The attractiveness of Israeli knowhow and innovation that can bring water and health and communications and so many other areas to the Arab peoples of the Middle East. Technology and innovation is a force for peace. So I have two messages this evening. One, a message to Israel. We're going to continue to making Israel a force among the nations, a global technological force for the betterment of lives here in Israel and for others around the world. And I have a very brief message to the world. The message is partner with Israel, for your sake, and for our common sake, and for our common future."
