Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_memory_har180418

[Translation]

Dear brothers and sisters in the family of bereavement.

The love of the nation is bestowed upon you and our fallen loved ones every day, but even more so today. Private Moshe-Yisrael Haiman fell seventy years ago, in the battles of the War of Independence in the besieged city of Jerusalem. As a family man, he could have been discharged from army service, yet he chose to stand guard, day and night, facing enemy fire. He said, “Not everyone has to live to be 70 years old, but the homeland must live on for us all, for future generations.” Moshe-Yisrael was fatally struck by a deadly Jordanian mortar. His grandson was named after him, Moshe. This grandson and his wife Zohara—who is also named after one of the fallen soldiers from the War of Independence, the pilot Zohara Levitov—teach their children unremitting devotion to our country. Four years ago, their son, Second-Lieutenant Yuval Haiman from the Paratroopers Brigade, was killed in Operation Protective Edge. The battle in which he fell, near Kibbutz Nir Am, thwarted a large-scale terrorist attack.

What a continuity of heroism, a legacy of bravery—the great-grandfather fell in 1948, and his great-grandson fell three generations later. In both of their hearts beat the recognition that only by standing resolutely against those who seek to kill us and being willing to pay the price of the struggle is our existence guaranteed. The justness of our fight and the terrible anguish at the loss of our loved ones, pain that has no relief, live side by side.

My late brother Yoni expressed this powerful combination in a letter he wrote to the widow of his friend Major Amitai Nachmani, who fell in the Yom Kippur War. Yoni wrote to Shula Nachmani, “For years, we have been acclimating ourselves to the price we must pay so that we can live in our country, on this land. We tried to build a defensive wall around us that would help fill the emptiness surrounding us, knowing that there are people whom we will never call by name again, friends with whom we will never walk again. With the sudden creation of the void that Amitai’s death created in us, our defense mechanism, which we so laboriously fabricated, has shattered. We are left with the pain.”

Strength and pain, pain and strength. My wife and I felt them last week at heart-rending meetings with the families of the fallen, and at the tearful ceremony, “Singing in their Memory,” which we attended yesterday at the Knesset. Before that, we sat with the fathers of the border policemen who were killed on the Temple Mount last summer, Kamil Shanan and Hail Stawi. Murderers killed Kamil and Hail, beloved members of the Druze community, who were protecting our capital city Jerusalem and our holy sites with their bodies. Shachiv and Afif, their fathers, told us how proud they were to be citizens of the State of Israel. They said, “Those who murdered the boys tried to murder our existence as a state. But the state will continue to exist, please God, for 7,000 more years. Those who come to kill will not defeat us.”

All of us—Jews, Druze, Christians, Muslims, Bedouins and Circassians—stand together against the fanatic terrorists who threaten to destroy us. Together we will continue to defeat them.

Citizens of Israel, distinguished guests,

Earlier this week, an IDF orphan, a little boy, asked me, “Prime Minister, how do you decide to send soldiers to the battlefield? What do you think of at those moments?” I answered him that I think about the security of the state and its citizens, I think about the soldiers, and I also think about you and families like yours, who might pay the most terrible price. I think about my brothers-in-arms who fell near me—Zohar Linik from Yehud, Chaim Ben-Yona from Kibbutz Yechiam, and David Ben-Hamo from Be’er Sheba who died in my arms. I always think about the cost and of how we can prevent losses.

At the same time, I know that without the courage and sacrifice of our fighters, our existence is not guaranteed. When we are put to the test, we must safeguard our existence vigorously and stand like a fortified wall against our enemies. We owe our existence here today to the 23,646 Israeli fallen soldiers, whose names are etched on this wall.

I wish all the injured soldiers a complete recovery. I am committed to continuing our efforts to bring home our MIAs and POWs: Oron Shaul and Hadar Goldin, as well as Avera Mengistu and the others.

Tonight, when the 70th independence celebrations begin, our flag will be flown at full-staff once more. Our dear sons and daughters who were killed will be with us. They are always with us. We will walk in the light of Israel’s fallen soldiers, and strive to reach their stature.

May their memory be forever blessed.
