Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_patrushev010218

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, in his Jerusalem office, met with Russian Federation Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev. The Prime Minister conveyed to Russian President Vladimir Putin his appreciation for their meeting and for the latter's participation in a ceremony to honor International Holocaust Remembrance Day.

Prime Minister Netanyahu briefed Secy. Patrushev on the threats in the region.

National Security Adviser and Head of the National Security Council Meir Ben-Shabbat, yesterday, hosted Secretary Patrushev for talks in which senior diplomatic and security teams from both sides also participated.

The visit of the Russian delegation is taking place in the framework of the dialogue between the Israeli and Russian national security teams following the first round of talks which were held in Moscow approximately three months ago.

The talks focused on issues and possible scenarios in the light of processes and trends in the region as well as Iran's efforts to establish a presence in Syria and its attempt to turn Lebanon into a base for missiles against Israel. Among the items discussed were security coordination and cooperation in the fight against global terrorism, and the challenges it poses for the countries of the world at this time. The talks also dealt with the closer relations between Russia and Israel as well as a host of other issues.

The Russian delegation also included Deputy Foreign Minister and Special Presidential Representative to the Middle East Mikhail Bogdanov, the Deputy Justice Minister, the Deputy Internal Affairs Minister, the Russian Army Ground Forces Commander and senior intelligence and Security Council officials.

The Israeli side included National Security Adviser and Head of the National Security Council Ben-Shabbat, senior Defense Ministry, IDF and intelligence officers and officials, the Director-General of the Intelligence Ministry, senior Public Security Ministry officials and Israel Police officers, the Deputy Attorney General, Israeli Ambassador to Russia Gary Koren and Foreign Ministry representatives.

Members of the Russian delegation visited Yad Vashem and will visit the City of David and Western Wall Tunnels in Jerusalem.
