Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_foreign170418

Israel's 70 years of independence are also 70 years of Israeli diplomacy. It is an ongoing effort to build our foreign service, strengthen our status in the family of nations and defend our vital interests around the world. Painfully, these remarkable achievements intertwine with bitter sorrow. Fine men and women have fallen victim to murderous terror attacks. Here they are – sixteen names, sixteen worlds, and sixteen families, many friends and acquaintances. Our hearts ache over their deaths but we are determined to continue their work. We will not tolerate attacks on innocent diplomats. Clearly, a moral boundary has been crossed. This boundary is not new. It was set during the time of Ancient Greece and the Roman Empire, when foreign diplomats were granted immunity.

Demosthenes, one of Athens's great statesmen said, "Ambassadors have control, not over war-ships, and military positions, and troops, and citadels… but over words…" We know that a sharp tongue may be a powerful weapon in times of war. However, in antiquity they understood that it may also serve as a critical tool for resolving conflicts and achieving peace. For that reason, immunity has been granted to foreign diplomats for many decades.

In modern times, diplomatic immunity was reaffirmed at the 1815 Vienna Congress, and on many other occasions later. Regrettably, the barbaric extremists do not care about accepted international norms. If I had to choose a date when terrorism broke into a new dimension, I would say it happened in Tehran 39 years ago, when terrorists took over the American embassy and held dozens of diplomats and civilians hostage. It was a glance into the future – terrorism, terrorism and more terrorism. Terrorism that crosses borders.

Some of the names here are of diplomats who were killed in Argentina. I visited there seven months ago, and attended the memorial services for the victims of the two major terrorist attacks that happened there in the 1990s – at the Israeli Embassy and at the Jewish Community Center in Buenos Aires. I stressed to my host, President Macri of Argentina, that Iran and Hezbollah were behind these murderous attacks. Iran murdered and injured hundreds of people in these attacks – Jews and non-Jews, Israelis and Argentinians alike.

I told President Macri the same thing I tell other world leaders: terrorism has no borders. Today, vicious terrorism is sponsored by Iran, as was the case in the past, and by Daesh. No continent or country is safe. We must unite against them – the civilized world must build a robust dam to contain the flood of radicalism. The instigators of terrorism spot weakness, but they also recognize strength. By being strong and resolute, we will stop their aggression.

The plaque behind me teaches us about the tragedies we suffered. We mourn the loss of our loved ones and embrace their families. Each of these catastrophes strengthened our resolve not to surrender to those who seek to harm us.

Our diplomatic relations are enjoying great momentum. Israel now has unprecedented political and diplomatic support. The combination of our military and intelligence capabilities with our technological and economic prowess, and the continued bolstering of public opinion in America, the greatest power in the world – all of these inspire many countries to seek close ties with us. This diplomatic prosperity is the most fitting way to commemorate our fallen diplomats. The forces of terrorism and darkness thought that by hurting our diplomats they would harm our international status, but the complete opposite occurred.

Our security forces, the ISA and the Mossad, constantly stand guard to foil any attempt to attack Israel's diplomatic missions around the world. I assure you that we take every alert in all seriousness to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our representatives wherever they are.

It has been 120 years since the birth of Zionist diplomacy with Herzl and the Zionist Congress and our international relations are at their peak. We have achieved sovereignty with the support of the international community. We have gained recognition from most of the countries in the world. We have successfully fought those who try to isolate us. Today we are turning Israel into a rising world power, and I believe that the greatest change is taking place in our region, in parts of Arab states and the Arab world. I believe that these relations will eventually expand the cycle of peace.

Our relations with the United States have yielded an unprecedented feat– the formal American recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel. In a few weeks, we will gather here, in this place exactly, to host the guests of the opening of the American Embassy in Jerusalem. Other countries have already announced their plans to also move their embassies to Jerusalem. I want to tell you, the men and women of the Foreign Service, that you have played an important role in developing our foreign relations. I am well familiar with your work over the course of many years, and especially more recently. Our country and I use your services every day. I thank you for your dedication, which honors your predecessors, from the generation of Israel's founders until today.

On the occasion of our 70th year of Independence, I wish to read the words of late Ambassador Shlomo Argov, whose name is engraved on this plaque and etched in our hearts. Argov, who was wounded during an attempted assassination in London at the brink of the First Lebanon War in 1982, remained paralyzed until his death, 21 years later. He was one of our finest diplomats, a professional and a perfectionist who was wholeheartedly recruited to our fight for justice and the truth.

In his book, "An Ambassador Speaks Out," he wrote that Israel is a durable, vibrant, dynamic and beautiful country. It has its flaws, but who doesn't? Let's work together to fix that which still needs to be fixed – so we can be proud of the State of Israel more than ever.

This spirit characterized all the fallen members of the Foreign Service – their loyalty, their sense of mission and their love for Israel.

To you, the families of the fallen I say: We will always remember the unique personalities of your loved ones. Their legacy will be interwoven into our work for generations to come. May their memory be a blessing.
