Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_gold081118

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Culture and Sports Minister Miri Regev, at the Prime Minister's Office, in Jerusalem, met with Abu Dhabi Grand Slam tournament Gold medal winners Sagi Muki and Peter Paltchik and with members of the Israeli judo team.

Achievement is a good thing. I say this to you, Miri, because you have an achievement as a brigadier general in the army, and in the things you promote. I heard chauvinist statements, it's just not worthy, not serious, we have to do an 'Ippon' and move on."

"Miri, I would like first of all to thank you for your constant efforts to promote Israeli sports. I want to congratulate you, Ponti and Oren, for your continued commitment to bringing generations of fighters, wonderful athletes. It is no small matter that Israel returns from Abu Dhabi with five medals, two gold medals by Sagi and Peter, and three bronze medals.

I have always said that Israel is a cyber power, a water power, an agricultural power, a high-tech power, IT - Israel is a judo power. It stands on its own, first of all as a great achievement of a small country that becomes a world power by virtue of your talent, your commitment, your perseverance, in my opinion also your courage. That this is not a simple thing. All these things join together to glorify you, but also to glorify both Israeli sports and the State of Israel.

It is true that this was done openly in Abu Dhabi this time. I'll tell you a secret, when I heard Hatikva twice; I also had tears in my eyes. It was so exciting, I do not believe that there was an Israeli who was not excited at this moment, it really has very broad implications. Keep it up, this is a tremendous thing.

We believe in achievements, we believe in you, and I want to thank all members of the delegation. "

"This team brings us amazing achievements. This time we came back from Abu Dhabi, and I must note Prime Minister that there was a very complicated, not very simple process, for two years, together with Ponti, together with the president of the World Judo Federation, who insisted that every athlete could appear anywhere in the world, including Arab countries, with their flag and anthem.

It's no secret that today that sports and cultural events, are being utilized to de-legitimize the State of Israel, and to prevent our athletes from taking pride in their country as well. And the athletes gave us a wonderful gift here. We also arrived for the first time to a Muslim country with which we have no diplomatic relations. We also sang Hatikva twice, for Muki and Peter, and we signed on a Grand Prix agreement, which you approved and signed. For the first time, Israel will host Arab countries with which we do not have diplomatic relations.

All will appear with their flag and anthem, and this is a great achievement for Israeli sport, a tremendous achievement for the State of Israel and a great achievement for judo. I want to thank you Ponti, Oren, to all our wonderful athletes and, of course, to use this opportunity to thank the President of the World Judo Association, who did everything to enable our country and athletes to be presented as equal among equals. And to you Prime Minister, thank you for your backing, your support and our joint journey. We all appreciate it."

The meeting was also attended by Director General of the Ministry of Culture and Sport Yossi Sharabi, Chairman of the Judo Association in Israel Moshe Ponti, Israel coach Oren Samadja and other athletes.
