Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_meir181118

We have gathered here to mark the 40th anniversary of the death of Prime Minister Golda Meir. Having celebrated Israel’s recent 70th Independence Day, we have gained enough perspective to take a comprehensive look back at the monumental act of restoring national sovereignty to our people and those who laid the foundations for our rebirth. Even before working her way up the political echelons and becoming the fourth prime minister of Israel, Golda Meir helped lay these foundations as a member of the Provisional State Council and a signatory to the Declaration of Independence. She described her feelings on that day, May 14, 1948, as being awed by the privilege. As soon as she had signed the Declaration, she started to cry. She cried over the hardships of exile, over realizing the yearning of generations—emotions evoked by the magnitude of the responsibility she was to bear from that day forward.

The little girl from Kiev became a passionate young Zionist in Milwaukee, then an active participant in the institutions of the embryonic state. Later, as minister of labor, she laid important foundations for welfare policy, and as minister of foreign affairs, she proudly represented Israel among the nations. She had become a political leader who inspired many women in Israel and abroad.

I know this sounds incredible, but in 1969, two years before women were given suffrage in Switzerland, a decade before Margaret Thatcher was elected Britain’s prime minister, Golda Meir became the first woman to be elected prime minister in Israel. She steered the country resolutely and decisively. This was during the War of Attrition, and I remember her well as our prime minister at the time I was an IDF soldier in the special forces unit Sayeret Matkal. At the time, Palestinian and international terrorism was on the rise, and she authorized many operations, but there was one operation she did not authorize, on the eve of the Yom Kippur War. She decided not to launch a preemptive attack on the Arab armies, because of what she believed to be a crucial consideration, our relations with the US.

Our relations with the US are a fundamental aspect of our security, but sometimes, when faced with strategic existential concerns, we have no choice. You have seen this happen. Sometimes we must go against the US. But in the same breath, I must praise Golda for demonstrating authoritativeness and level-headedness, leadership and courage. She encouraged the senior IDF command to transition from offense to defense. She leveraged the strong ties she had forged with the US and its president to expedite efforts to airlift essential weapons for the IDF.

We just heard Golda’s unforgettable description of a historical moment 25 years earlier. In that moment, Golda lit the Jewish spark, which has not been extinguished. She helped kindle and maintain the Jewish and Zionist flame in the dark existence behind the Iron Curtain. In 1948, she served as Israel’s representative in Moscow. During her visit to a local synagogue on the High Holidays, tens of thousands of Jews surrounded her, followed her, called her name, shook her hand warmly. With tears in their eyes, they blew her kisses, and she stood before them and spoke the words of the Jewish mother promising her sons in the Diaspora: “Refrain your voice from weeping… and your children will return to their border.”

This emotional moment was etched not only in her heart, but in the hearts of Soviet Jews. It boiled over in the 1970s and 1980s with the outcry “Let my people go.” Many were reminded of Golda and talked about her and that early connection between them and the State of Israel. Of course, their longing to make aliyah was realized when the Soviet Union opened its gates, and this wave of immigration has made a decisive contribution to the story of our country and to the story of our people.

I take this opportunity to raise another matter, one that is linked to the policy that I am advancing as prime minister and foreign minister, and I refer to Golda Meir’s vigorous diplomatic activity. As I have already said, she was responsible for shaping our relations with the US, but also for forging ties with many countries in Asia and Africa. Her interest in Africa deserves special mention. She opened Israeli diplomatic missions in the newly established countries in the region and initiated programs to provide various types of aid to these and Asian countries. This brought her great respect on these continents in the 1960s and 1970s.

Building upon the foundations that Golda laid, we are now increasing this activity. Israel enjoys unprecedented diplomatic success on all continents. In the past few years I have visited Africa several times, I have met with the leaders of dozens of countries and I have made it clear that we are mobilized to ensure a better future for the continent. Many of these leaders have told me that they specifically remember Golda Meir’s actions. Some of them were young at the time, some are still around, but they tell me, “We remember Golda Meir’s actions.” Golda started this, and we continue her legacy.

We will remember Golda Meir’s contribution to the rebirth of the nation of Israel in its homeland and to the building of the State of Israel. We will cherish her revolutionary spirit, her diverse activities, her Zionist fervor. May her memory be blessed.
