Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_rabbi130518

I look at the audience. There are friends here who have worked together for many years for the land of Israel, for Jerusalem, for the people of Israel. This is not lip service. We have literally walked together along the paths of our holy land, navigating political paths, and we are now celebrating Israel's 70th anniversary. I must tell you that I am excited every time I come here. My wife and I love you and appreciate your great support. Jerusalem Day is always busy, it begins with ceremonies in the morning and continues in the afternoon. But to us, this is one of the highlights of every Jerusalem Day. We thank you wholeheartedly.

One thought stays with me throughout this special day. I believe that we should all feel grateful for the privilege of living in Jerusalem. Generations of Jews dreamed of Jerusalem from afar. To them, Jerusalem was a prayer, a longing, sometimes a painting on the wall. This morning I met some of our Ethiopian-born brothers and sisters. Thousands of their relatives lost their lives on the way to Israel. Jerusalem was in their hearts, but their feet never stepped in it. The same happened to members of other Diaspora communities who speak, often in tears, about their grandfathers and grandmothers who never realized their dream of Zion, whereas we, thank God, are standing in unified, glorious Jerusalem. This is real redemption, and it cannot be taken for granted.

Today we opened our cabinet meeting at the Bible Lands Museum, which has various exhibits. We placed a seven-lamp menorah on the government table. I was shown artifacts from the Babylonian exile 2,500 years ago, including one in particular that the museum's director wanted to show me, which contains, in cuneiform script, names of Babylonian exiles from the period shortly after the Cyrus Charter. I can't tell you that I can read cuneiform script, but she insisted that one of the names was Bnaia Ben Netanyahu. So I told her: if anyone has any doubt about the people of Israel, its connection to Zion, its longing for Zion, they should come and see this. They can see other things too, like King Hezekiah's seal, the Davidic line's seal in Tel Dan, the Temple Mount. They can see evidence of Jews in our city of Jerusalem 3,000 years ago.

Tomorrow, a great event will reverberate in the streets of Jerusalem. The most powerful country on earth, the United States, will move its embassy to Jerusalem, following President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I can already tell you that more countries will follow and in turn, more countries will follow them because many understand Jerusalem's significance for the Jewish people. It is therefore a privilege to be in Jerusalem, a great privilege. At the same time, we are assigned a great responsibility: to defend this treasure entrusted to us by previous generations and to protect it for future generations.

Every day we pledge that Jerusalem will never revert to what it was 51 years ago: no longer a torn city, but a connected, unified one; no longer a city interspersed with barbed wires and landmines, but a city of unity, tolerance, security and peace; no longer a city whose walls are armed with enemy snipers, but a vibrant, beautiful and faithful city. We safeguard the Temple Mount, the Western Wall and the other Jewish holy sites that were returned to us in the heroic Six Day War, primarily Rachel's Tomb and the Cave of the Patriarchs. Our roots are anchored in these places. They confirm our right to live as a free nation in our homeland.

What is Jerusalem to us? Jerusalem is not just a physical, concrete place. Jerusalem is the source of conviction and hope that has strengthened us through difficult times. Throughout the Inquisition, pogroms, expulsions, ghettos and camps, we kept chanting one thing, "Next Year in Jerusalem."

We have returned to Jerusalem and we are building it. All of it. Even when there was no progress in the horizon, we remained true to our dream, and today IDF soldiers stand at the foot of the Kotel, pledging allegiance to our army and our country. What a remarkable transformation in the situation of the Jewish people. We have returned home and we are determined to protect it for all eternity.

We draw inner strength from Jerusalem, the same strength that characterized Rabbi Zvi Yehuda Kook, founder of the glorious Merkaz HaRav Yeshiva. Rabbi Kook's great knowledge of the Torah is well-known, as is his clear vision regarding the process of national revival. But Rabbi Kook also made a contribution to strengthening our status among the nations. He was involved in the process that led to the Balfour Declaration 100 years ago. The rabbi considered the Declaration a gift from God to the Zionist enterprise and a sign that our enemies would not be able to defeat us. He met with US President Calvin Coolidge in 1924 at the White House. Everyone he spoke with, including the president, heard a thorough explanation regarding the significance of the Jewish people's return to its homeland.

My late grandfather, Rabbi Nathan Mileikowsky-Netanyahu, had a very warm relationship with Rabbi Kook, and the rabbi wrote a beautiful eulogy for him. My grandfather held similar views regarding the revival of Zion and Jerusalem. He knew of course the Talmudic story about our religious scholars following the destruction of the Temple. These scholars went up Mount Scopus and overlooked the desolate temple, and when they saw a fox coming out of the sacred place, they all wept, all but one – Rabbi Akiva. He was the only one who laughed. In a moment of darkness, Rabbi Akiva had a far-sighted vision. He believed that just as the prophecies of destruction had come true, so would the prophecies of revival and atonement. And indeed, 2,000 years later, they are finally coming true. The road was long and winding, but we never gave into despair and we have never forgotten Jerusalem. When my grandfather described the Land of Israel after World War I, he would sometimes mention foxes wandering through the wilderness.

Just like Rabbi Akiva at the time, my father also believed in our nation's power of revival, and he did get to see the start of Jerusalem being built. In 1926, he took pleasure in talking about Bayit Vagan, Kiryat Moshe, Romema and Rehavia. The hope and sacrifice emanating from Jerusalem never abandoned us when the Jewish quarter was conquered in 1948. It was a painful wound that would not heal for 19 years.

Rabbi Ya'akov Shapira is the founder of the Yeshiva and follower of his distinguished father, Rabbi Avraham Shapira. Rabbi Avraham Shapira used to tell me how, as a child, he would go listen to my grandfather Rabbi Nathan's speeches, in the streets of Jerusalem. Rabbi Shapira, you probably remember, like I do, our childhood in divided Jerusalem, how, remembering the siege, we made efforts to save water and how, during our hikes in nature, we would pick mallows, which were used to make food in the war.

Seventy years ago, the defenders of the Old City were forced to surrender at the end of very fierce and heroic battles. However, even when they were held captive in Jordan, they kept singing: "Sanctuary of the king, royal city, arise! Leave from the midst of the turmoil." Among those taken to a prisoners' camp in Jordan was Rabbi She'ar Yashuv Cohen, son of the Nazirite Rabbi. Nineteen years later, the Nazirite Rabbi and Rabbi Kook arrived at the liberated Kotel. Exhilarated, they clung to its stones, and many thousands soon followed. Rabbi She'ar Yashuv and his friends, the 1948 Old City deportees, were filled with joy and gratitude. Tears were in their eyes as they read the verse: "When the Lord brought back those that returned to Zion, we were like those who dreamed." It proved once more that our prayers for Jerusalem are materializing. The 28th of Iyar, the day of the liberation of Jerusalem, the day of Rabbi Kook's aliyah to Israel, has become a holiday for generations.

We will continue to strengthen and build Jerusalem, we will draw from its fountains of spirit and Torah and we will witness, with God's help, the building of all of Zion. We will draw strength from our city of Jerusalem and our Jewish heritage to secure our future. No power can overcome us. "From Zion shall come forth Torah"; from Zion shall come forth technology, but most of all, from Zion shall come forth faith, and faith is the reason we are here.

Happy holiday to you, my friends. Happy holiday to those in Israel and abroad who love our capital city. Happy holiday and Mazal Tov to Jerusalem.
