Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventmada280518

First, a happy birthday to our Minister of Science, Ofir Akunis. Twenty-seven years old today. I’ve known Ofir for many years. We’ve celebrated with his family. His wife is here today, with his family. My wife and I celebrated the birth of their children, and now we’re talking about the birth and the development of science and technology. It’s a pleasure to welcome here the distinguished delegates, the ministers who are here from 20 countries, and of course the Israeli representatives as well.

We are talking about things that are important for the development and the future of the world, but there are a few things that are important for the future and security of Israel. So I’ll say a few words in Hebrew.

Dear guests,

I spoke about quantum computing and other areas which are familiar to you, and you know the importance of science and technology. This is what we’re talking today—science and technology. They’re not the same. They are related: Science is the well from which we pour buckets of technology. So we start on this evening with technology. That’s what Israel has been doing. Israel is a technological powerhouse. At least that’s what I hear in meetings with leaders. I know the Minister of Science of India is here, so I want to relay to you a conversation I had with Prime Minister Modi very recently on our great trip to India, following his great trip here to Israel.

Mr. Modi devoted several days to accompany us throughout India, including to his home state of Gujarat. And I asked him, “You know, I deeply appreciate this.” My wife and I deeply appreciated the attentiveness and the hospitality, and I asked Prime Minister Modi, I said, “You’re a nation of 1.3 billion. Israel is somewhat smaller—about eight and a half, nine million people. Why do you give us all this attention?” That wasn’t a complaint. It was an honest query. And he said, “You are a technological, a global technological power.”

And I hear the same thing from people who dabble in technology: Elon Musk, Eric Schmidt, Peter Thiel and many others who have come here. Israel really doesn’t have a choice. We’re a small country with limited natural resources, many threats to our security. We’ve had to invest in technology, in military technology, in information technology, as far as military intelligence is concerned. That is a sum cost. It is a huge investment, and we have thought that what needs to be done is to marry this huge government investment in technologies, information technologies to markets and a startup culture, a free market environment that encourages the graduates of the IDF and other intelligence, and other arms that we have, to be able to form their own companies and to create the industries, the knowledge industries of the future.

And so these technologies are now developing everywhere. We’ve had traditional capacities in agriculture. We’ve made the desert bloom, but we’ve wedded now—agriculture is an example—to information technologies so our drones, coupled with artificial intelligence, coupled with databases, coupled with drip irrigation and drip fertilization can now target for water and for nutrients the individual plant. This is called precision agriculture. This is the marriage of technology and information technology and agriculture. This same process is happening in every single field of human endeavor.

There is not going to be a difference much longer between high technology and low technology. Just about every field, although it will take time, every field will be technologized. And the countries that will lead the future, the countries who will seize the future are those who will innovate. The future belongs to those who innovate. Israel is an innovation nation. I dare to say it’s one of the innovation nations, and we are seizing the future.

We would like to seize it together with you. We think there is a wellspring of opportunities here. The opportunities come from the junction of artificial intelligence, big data and connectivity. This creates entirely new industries. The first industry that was created as a result of this is cybersecurity. Israel now has about 20% of the global investments in private, private global investment in cybersecurity. We’ve made a conscious decision to limit government control and interference in this field, although it has very deep security implications.

We’re limiting this in order to enable hundreds and hundreds of startups in cybersecurity to develop, to make partnerships with other companies, and indeed with other governments abroad, because we realize the vast potential of cybersecurity. In our world today, in the internet of things, we understand that this is a huge market. This is example number one.

Example number two? Automotive technology. Israel until recently didn’t have a car industry. We tried; we failed. We failed because we couldn’t compete with scale. We couldn’t compete with the scale of chassis building, engine building, production of tires. We tried and we failed. I remember because I was a young officer many, many years ago, and I was given an Israeli-made car. I leaned on it. It was made of fiberglass. My elbow went right through it. It didn’t last very long. Do any of you remember that thing? Susita? Yeah.

Today, we have a car industry. We have a car industry, because very soon 85% of the value of a car will be software. A car will basically be a computer on wheels, and probably an interchangeable computer on wheels. And there we have something to say.

A company not very far from here in Jerusalem, Mobileye, was sold recently to Intel for 15 billion dollars. I think it’s still underpriced. But it certainly did better than the other company, Israeli company, Waze, which was sold to Google for a paltry billion dollars. We now have a car industry because of big data, artificial intelligence and connectivity.

Third area, huge possibility for the future—digital health. We have a database of about 98% of our population, with the medical records computerized. For the last 20 years, any Israeli’s medical record is available. You can punch it in at any hospital, regardless of where you go in Israel. We are taking that database, taking a subsample of 100,000 people, and a subsample of that of 2,000 people, and we’re giving them the physiological tracking. So we’ll have general population, 100,000 genetic subset and another 2,000 physiological subset, and we intend to run algorithms on this database and see if we can find wonder drugs to prevent medicine and preventative medicines and personalized medicine—many, many other things. There are many issues involved in this. I think it’s enormously exciting. There are legal problems of privacy.

There are other problems, but I think these are three examples of three new industries, entirely new industries that will change the shape of our world, and certainly are changing the shape of Israel’s economy.

I’ve talked about what we can do with agriculture in Israel, but it really affects the world, and India… I was excited when, and deeply moved when Indian farmers told me that they had improved their income three-fold, four-fold, five-fold. Or in Africa where an African mother has access to Israeli water technology that saves her walking four hours in the morning and four hours back to give water to her children. And the examples abound in many, many fields.

Technology is changing Israel. Technology is changing the world, but technology is only the first half of science and technology. It is the application; it is not the wellspring. We have to develop the wellspring too. I’ve just announced in Hebrew that we’re going to do that, and we’re going to pursue areas of basic science—data science, quantum computing, quantum mathematics and others—that I think are critical for the future of Israel and the security of Israel. But I think that ultimately our societies will be tested on the combination of science and technology, and that’s why I think this evening is so important.

Israel wants to be partners with you on both, on both science and technology. We think we couldn’t find better partners and we think you couldn’t have come to a better place. Thank you. Thank you for coming here, and thank you for sharing with us our common efforts to build a better future for all of humanity. Thank you very much. Thank you.
