Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_jabotinsky120718

[Translation]

A short while ago, I returned from a visit to Russia. My host President Putin and I discussed strategic matters in depth; and at his invitation, my wife Sara and I watched the World Cup semifinal together with two youngsters who are courageously fighting cancer—13-year-old Alon and 18-year-old Mika. We were touched by their excitement and joy for the match between Croatia and England. The wonderful, colorful backdrop of the impressive football stadium in Moscow, of all things, made me think of Jabotinsky.

First, because of his close understanding of the Russian people and culture. It is where he came from and where he drew the foundations for reviving Hebrew culture. Second, because of an original essay that Arye Naor and Yossi Ahimeir gave me, “The Wisdom of Football,” written by Jabotinsky in 1920.

Jabotinsky saw the football field as analogous to the field of political struggles. In this essay, which I read with great interest, he referred to English culture, which uses phrases like play the game, or kick the ball. Jabotinsky stressed that “[t]he first rule of the game is to kick the ball; kick it hard; kick it without missing.”

This basic principle still guides us today, almost 100 years after Jabotinsky wrote it. We know clearly what objectives are vital to guaranteeing our security and ensuring our future. We do not balk at kicking the ball—strongly, resolutely, sometimes using the proper technique of dribbling, to get us to the goal. We work to push back our enemies, to forge alliances, to realize important interests.

Israel plays with the pros, we have no inferiority complex, someone said like Croatia. But our field is bigger. Only a few days ago, we learned of a new study that places Israel in the top ten, in the eighth place in an index of the strongest countries in the world. We have a small population, but with our determination and the creativity of Israel’s citizens, and of course in light of our ongoing efforts in the international arena, we have gain presence and stature.

The wisdom of football teaches us that in order to win the match, we need a strong defense and a strong offense—strong offense against those who wish to annihilate us, and a strong defense, an iron defense against them. That is the Iron Wall. These two principles are the essence of Jabotinsky’s security doctrine. And in his view, these must always be backed up by a political offensive and ongoing political and advocacy activity.

Therefore, in my meeting with President Putin, I reiterated our unequivocal position: We will continue to act to counter the attempts of Iran and its proxies to entrench themselves militarily in Syria. We will demand of Syria unconditional adherence to the agreement on disengagement which we signed in 1974. We will respond harshly to any violation of the agreement, as we did last night. Of course, we will maintain the IDF’s full freedom of action and our right to prevent any attempts to undermine our sovereignty and hurt our citizens. Whoever tries to put us in danger can expect to pay dearly for that.

Ladies and Gentlemen,

we have the ability to do these things because we established a Jewish state that has its own army. More than any other leader, Jabotinsky espoused that, as he appreciated the consequences of being a nation without a country and without an army. On Tisha B’Av 80 years ago in Warsaw, Jabotinsky warned about the great tragedy that could befall millions of Jews as a result of the rise of Nazism in Europe. It is possible that had they listened to him, the magnitude of the Holocaust would have been much smaller.

I am proud that on the eve of the Second World War, my father, the late Ben-Zion Netanyahu, convinced Jabotinsky to transfer his political activity from Britain to the USA. America’s rising power led them to work together to mobilize support for the establishment of the Jewish state and Jewish army. Shortly after they arrived in America, Jabotinsky died, and the shock among his supporters all over the world was immense. But even after his death, his supporters did not stop. The grief did not paralyze them, but rather energized them to work with extra vigor, and that activity continues today.

I can say without exaggeration, and not merely as lip service, that Jabotinsky’s spirit continues to live within us and to guide us, and we have witnessed this in several recent occasions. At the ceremony at Moshav Avihayil marking 100 years since the establishment of the Jewish Legion, it was easy to appreciate the achievements of the combative Zionism Jabotinsky helped found. Together with Joseph Trumpeldor, he established the Jewish Legion, which was the first Jewish fighting force in 2,000 years. There is a direct link between the Legion in the World War I and the underground organizations, IDF soldiers and members of all the defense branches.

Last week, we marked the 71st anniversary of the Acre Prison break. That too drew inspiration from Jabotinsky’s courage. The dignity he demonstrated as a prisoner, the first prisoner in Acre Fortress, fortified the mental strength of the prisoners and Olei HaGardom [Irgun and Lehi members who were hanged] a generation later. In the beautiful quote from 1905 that was read earlier, Jabotinsky held to one basic principle: maintaining our national uniqueness in our homeland. He did not believe that we could do so anywhere else but the land of our forefathers, and that this is the foundation for everything else. He said that we must maintain our uniqueness here in the Land of Israel, and this is the principle that guides us in legislating the Nation-State Law, which I hope to pass in the Knesset soon.

In Israel’s democracy, we will continue to maintain the rights of individuals and groups. They will remain secure, but the majority also has rights, and the majority decides. The majority of the people wants to safeguard the Jewish characteristic of our state for generations. This blend of the rights of the nation and those of individuals is what the words Jewish and democratic state mean. Jabotinsky undoubtedly believed in this idea, he sanctified it, fought for it, and today we continue working for it.

My friends,

Earlier this week, we held a special government meeting with the heads of the Jabotinsky Institute. I was pleased to hear about the comprehensive work being done with support from the government of Israel to preserve Jabotinsky’s heritage and the attempt to share it with the broader public. They are establishing a new visitors’ center at Beit Jabotinsky in Tel Aviv, making more content accessible on the Institute’s website, and publishing a new edition of Jabotinsky’s writings. His exquisite Hebrew is evident in each and every line of his letters and essays, and in his translations of some of the world’s greatest masterpieces.

As we mark 78 years since Jabotinsky’s death, his gospel of strength and gospel of spirit are still as valid today as they were then. His message lives on because it is the truth. The light that it spreads is growing brighter. May the memory of Ze’ev Jabotinsky be cherished in our hearts forever.
