Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_security160218

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the framework of the Munich Security Conference, participated in a lunch with board chairpersons and CEOs of major corporations including Deutsche Telekom, Raytheon, Microsoft, AGCO and BMW. IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde also attended.

Prime Minister Netanyahu noted that within a mere 70 years Israel has become a world leader in cyber defense, financial technology and smart transportation. He added that the Israeli economy was prospering thanks to a responsible economic policy. He called on the corporate leaders to visit Israel, consider investment possibilities in Israeli technology companies and join a long series of multi-national firms that have opened research and development centers in Israel.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"The future belongs to those who innovate. The innovation is coming from the juncture of Big Data, artificial intelligence and connectivity. This is creating new industries, and we are seizing the future very rapidly. There is one condition. Over 300 multinational R&D centers are in Israel, some of them represented in this room. If you're not, I honestly think that it's in our common interest that you should be.

My job, first as prime minster four times and finance minister as well, is to make it easy for you to come in and do business. We have adopted, especially over the last 20 years and especially at the time that I was finance minister, major reforms to make Israel business-friendly, to make it a less bureaucratic economy.

Here's the results that we have. GDP per capita, as you know, has gone up, and it's gone up quite significantly and faster than in most countries. Could you show please debt to GDP? That's the most important number. It went down from roughly 100% in the beginning of the 2000s to less than 60% now. It just keeps going down all the time, and as you know, it's a scissors movement compared to what has happened with most OECD countries.

The greatest threat we face is not the control of government spending. We control it. We legislate it, or taxation, we're pushing taxation down, and because of President Trump, we're going to push it down further. We have to be very competitive, not only in nominal tax rates for corporations and individuals, but also in the effective rates that foreign investors come in, we want to be as low as anyone else. And it's pretty low, I mean, it's about 6%. But if we have to, we'll push it to the ground. And we do what I say.
