Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_monument050918

Prime Minister Netanyahu said:

“My friend Boyko, Prime Minister Borissov, several years have passed since we met in a hotel just a few hundred meters from here. Our friendship was immediate, and it has only grown stronger over the years, as have the ties between our two peoples and our two countries. I am pleased to see you here at this moving event, along with the Mayor of Tel Aviv, our ambassadors and representatives of the magnificent Bulgarian community in Israel.

Let me tell you something from the bottom of a Jewish heart: We remember our friends. And the reason we remember our friends is that we did not have many in the past.

We were born here as a people, in this place, and we were exiled from here. As long as we were here, we could fight for our independence, our lives, our faith. Sometimes we won, sometimes we lost, but we had the strength to resist. When we lost our land for 20 generations, 20 centuries, first we lost our territory, our sovereignty. Later on, we lost our ability to carry weapons, and then our ability to complain that we were being attacked. We were like a leaf borne on the wind. From century to century, from generation to generation, our situation deteriorated—until it hit the lowest point during the horrific Holocaust. And during that horrific Holocaust, we were defenseless.

Two weeks ago, I was in Lithuania and I went to the Vilna Ghetto. In 1943, a year you are familiar with, two-hundred thousand wonderful Jews were taken from Vilna, put on trains that travelled for 15 minutes, at which point the train stopped. They removed the Jews, took them to pits and shot them—children, women, everyone. That is what happened to our people. We were slaughtered, and no one came to save us.

During the dark night of the Nazi regime, there were two peoples that stood out as exceptions. One is recognized around the world, and that is the Danish people. The King of Denmark stood against the Nazis and wore a Star of David. Many of his people followed his example. The world is not familiar enough with the other example, but Israel is because we remember our friends. We remember the wonderful actions of the Bulgarian people, which in my opinion is just as wonderful if not more so in certain aspects. True, 11,000 Jews were not saved in Macedonia and other areas, but more than 40,000—and from what you’ve told me, perhaps many more—were saved in an astonishing act, when waves of people came and blocked the train tracks with their bodies. No one blocked the train tracks in other places in Europe, not in Lithuania, nor any other place, but in Bulgaria they blocked the tracks with their bodies—teachers, priests, writers, farmers, all prevented the destruction with their bodies.

We remember our friends. We remember the telegram sent by the Nazi representative in Sofia to Berlin. I saw this telegram when I visited Sofia. It said, “The Bulgarian people still has not risen to the level required for it to be able to cooperate with the Nazis.” There can be no greater compliment to the Bulgarian people than that.

We remember our friends, we remember you. When I was a young diplomat nearly 40 years ago, I was involved in establishing diplomatic ties between our countries. Years later, when we met, and over the past several years, we have been strengthening these ties. On behalf of the wonderful Bulgarian community that established itself here in Jaffa, but with its special spirit, contributed to building the whole country, I would like to say to you: We not only remember our friends in Bulgaria, we love them.

Welcome to Israel, and please convey our warm words in Bulgaria and share our love with the Bulgarian people. Welcome.
