Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_mashav170118

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, along with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi today visited a MASHAV Center of Excellence in Gujarat. They toured greenhouses in which vegetables are grown on the basis of agricultural know-how and technology and also met with local farmers. The prime ministers remote dedicated an additional center of excellence for growing dates, MASHAV's third in Gujarat and 24th in India.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"An extraordinary leader, extraordinary friend, Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India

The most important thing is what I heard the farmers now say, that they are enjoying the benefit of Israeli expertise to make their lives better and richer. This is what we are here for, to make your lives better! And I thank you for this warm friendship.

We came back to a land that became desolate in our absence. We had been farmers in the times of the Bible, we raised dates, we raised wheat, we raised olives, but the land laid bare and barren, and about a hundred years ago we brought it back to life, and 70 years ago, when the State of Israel was founded, right about the time when India was founded, we started scientific agriculture, and we saw our yields go up. We saw our water uses go down. We saw crop survival, survive much longer in storage. We were able to do wonderful things. And in our traditions, there is a purpose for the Jewish people. It's not only to take care and safeguard our traditions and safeguard our people. It is to be also 'a light unto the nations'. That is, to partake knowledge and goodness and share it with the rest of humanity. This is what we are doing in a program called MASHAV. That's international development. It happens to be in the Foreign Ministry, I happen to be also the Foreign Minister, so I know something about MASHAV. We operate in in many, many countries, in Asia, in Africa, Latin America, many, many countries, but the biggest program that MASHAV has is right here in India. There is a special partnership. We have 20 centers of excellence, and soon we'll have 30 centers of excellence. We want to help India help itself because India has a vision, India has a leader. He understands that knowledge – knowledge – is the future, knowledge with purpose. This is the policy of Narendra Modi. This is my policy. We can do more together, and we do."
