Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart210118

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

"I returned last week from a historic visit to India. I thank my friend, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, for the exceptionally strong and warm reception. It reflects the closer ties between us, very close, as well as the closer ties between our countries and peoples. This is a visit that will be long-remembered. It contributed, and will yet contribute, to Israel in the economic, security, technology and diplomatic spheres.

I must say that there were many very moving moments, but above all I will remember two special events that touched our people. First was the meeting with Moshe at the Chabad House. A sweet boy who is living with his loving grandparents, in effect with the love of the entire Jewish People. Thanks also go to the Indian nanny, Sandra, who saved him and accompanied him on the visit. The second moving event was with the Indian Jewish community. This is a very small community most of whose members have come to Israel and contributed to the building up of the country and the development of the state. But their contribution to India is out of proportion to their numbers. They carried the flame for generations and looked forward to this moment when the Prime Minister of Israel came to India. They spoke there, each one in turn, and many simply wept with joy, not because there has ever been anti-Semitism in India; there never has. But they hoped for the meeting between cultures and between states and peoples, and it happened before their eyes. It was simply an extraordinary experience.

This evening a great friend of the State of Israel will arrive in Israel, a true friend, US Vice President Mike Pence. We will welcome him. I am very much looking forward to our discussions. We will discuss the efforts of the Trump administration to block Iran's aggression and the Iranian nuclear program, and of course, advancing security and peace in the region. Whoever truly aspires to realize these goals knows that there is no substitute for US leadership.

I view it as a disgrace that MKs intend to boycott this important visit to the Knesset and are even seeking to disrupt it. We will all be there and will show Vice President Pence the great respect that he is due.

Later this week I will travel to the economic forum in Davos, I was invited there to lecture about the Israeli economy. It is important to understand, you saw this on my visit to India, Narendra Modi said so clearly, Israel is a global technological power. We are cultivating this true strength and are promoting it in many forums. This forum is the main global economic forum. I will meet there with a long list of heads of state and of major corporations; they are no less important today. Of course, I will represent our national interests in all of these meetings.

One more thing, I hear claims regarding the illegal migrants and our policy. We are not acting against refugees. We are acting against illegal migrants who come here not as refugees but for work needs. Israel will continue to offer asylum for genuine refugees and will remove illegal migrants from its midst. Contrary to these claims, I have heard many claims that the arrangements we have set with the third country assures the personal security of those who leave here. They receive permits for housing, work and the chance to integrate into the country. To the extent that they desire to do so, they may even return to their countries of origin. They receive significant financial assistance from us. Do not forget that Israel invests considerable capital while they are here and for their passage to the third country.

The processes that I am describing have been approved by the legal establishment and are under the ongoing supervision of the official representatives of Israel and the third country. At the same time, I have the allocation to the Interior Ministry, which the government has approved, of a special budgetary supplement to expedite the examination of requests for asylum in Israel. This policy is in complete compliance with the directives of the Supreme Court and international law; therefore, there is no basis to the claims being made against us."
