Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_german260318

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this afternoon, in his Jerusalem office, met with German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas.

"You come as friend in great friendship, and that friendship is the traditional friendship between Germany and Israel, which successive governments have upheld, including of course Angela Merkel’s. But I have heard your own remarks. They’re inspiring, they reach our hearts, they come as I’m learning more and more from your own history, your own perspective, your own convictions, the things that you say about the Holocaust, the things that you say about antisemitism and racism are things that move us and inspire many. I welcome you in this spirit.

We have much to talk about. We’ve begun this conversation.

We have a turbulent region. Israel is the only liberal democracy in a very large radius, and as such we share common values and common interests, but we share those interests with many in the region—that is to prevent the nuclearization of Iran, to prevent, to stop the flow of Iran aggression, which is like a tsunami in our region, and of course to fight terrorism. As you know, Israel helps many countries—many, many countries—in fighting the terrorism of ISIS and others.

But we also appreciate the contributions of Germany to Israel’s security, which means to Israel’s future. It’s something that I’ve heard from Angela Merkel and from you, and I want you to know that they are deeply appreciated.

So welcome, friend. Welcome to Jerusalem."

"I am very pleased that I can visit you here. I came here at a very early stage as soon as I took upon myself the post of Foreign Minister so as to indicate the importance of the friendship between us. One of the first visits that I made upon arriving here was to Yad Vashem. As a German this was a very moving visit. I would really like to make it clear that the struggle against racism and anti-Semitism is important to me. Wherever I went I was welcomed with warmth; the people who welcomed me were no less warm. I do not view this as self-evident and I am moved as if I have received a gift that I do not deserve.

We would like to develop the friendship between Israel and Germany and especially on the occasion of the 70th anniversary we would also like to deepen ties with the civil society.

As to the goals we are of one mind. Perhaps there is a difference regarding the way to achieve this or that goal but Germany's place has always been at Israel's side and I make this clear in every conversation. We are friends and as friends we can disagree on various issues such as the Vienna Agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue and two states for to peoples, there as well our views differ, but first and foremost we are friends. We want to hear from our friends their concerns and fears, and therefore I have come here."
