Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_germany040618

Thank you. Thank you Chancellor Merkel for hosting me today, and our delegation. I look forward to seeing you in Israel in October.

The alliance, the relationship between Israel and Germany is an excellent one. It has historic foundations, because of the unique experience that we have undergone here obviously, and the commitment that you and previous German governments, but you sustained it with great vigor and great conviction, your commitment to Israel’s security, the security and the future of the Jewish state, is deeply appreciated by me, by the people of Israel. Your very strong stance against antisemitism is also deeply appreciated, and of course, the relationships between our two countries, our two economies, is one that is natural. Germany is one of the great economies of the world; Israel is the leading, among the leading innovation nations in the world. And the combination of technology and industry is extremely powerful, so I am very, very happy that we decided to add a business delegation to the upcoming meeting of our governments, so that we can have these benefits of technology, of knowhow, of innovation accrue to both our countries and both our peoples.

We have great opportunities, but we also face great challenges, and I think the greatest challenge that the civilized world faces today is the danger that comes out from militant Islamic states that are bent on aggression and acquiring nuclear arsenals. This, the greatest danger is in Iran. Just yesterday, Iran’s leader Khamenei, yesterday he said again that Israel is a cancer that has to be eradicated, will be eradicated from the earth. And this is amazing that in the beginning of the 21st century, somebody talks about destroying Israel. It means destroying another six million plus Jews. It’s quite extraordinary that this goes on, but this is what we face.

Iran calls for our destruction, but it’s also seeking nuclear weapons to carry out its genocidal designs. We know that for a fact. We have shared, as Chancellor Merkel has said, we have shared with the German government, German specialists, the information that we retrieved from a secret atomic archive that Iran has. We think that it’s important, as Chancellor Merkel has said, that the IAEA investigate Iran based on this new information, a lot of new information that Israel has now provided the IAEA as well. And it’s important to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. We commit, and I commit again, that we will not let that happen.

But the other danger from Iran is that it is trying to conquer the Middle East. It’s doing so in Syria. It’s doing so in Yemen. And it’s doing so in other places. In Syria, Iran is trying to put its army, its air force, its navy and ground forces from, moving it 1500 kilometers from Iran to the backdoor of Israel, with the explicit goal of attacking us. So obviously, we cannot accept that.

I think that you cannot accept it for two reasons as well. The first is one of principle, obviously. Germany does not condone, nor does any peace-loving country condone wanton aggression and the calls for the destruction of other nations. But I think that there is another reason why this should be of concern to Germany: The Iranian military presence right now in Syria includes about 18,000 Shiite militia, commanded by Iranian commanders. These Shiite militias come from Afghanistan, from Pakistan, from other places, and they have a specific goal, a military goal, but also a religious goal. Iran wants to increase the number of such militia to 80,000 and to basically conduct a religious campaign in largely Sunni Syria. Syria is 96% Sunni, but try to convert Sunnis. This will inflame another religious war. This time a religious war inside Syria, and the consequences would be many, many more refugees and you know exactly where they’ll come.

The ability to increase four-fold, five-fold the number of militias that are there depends, among other things, on money, and the money comes from Iran. Until recently, it came, from among other places, from the JCPOA. This is not a false argument; it’s a true argument. We have seen that they have used about 25 billion dollars from proceeds that they got in one way or another from the easement of sanctions in Yemen, in Syria, in Lebanon and elsewhere.

So, I think the economic pressure, economic sanctions on Iran, break this cash machine that feeds the Iranian empire that endangers everybody, endangers Israel, but indirectly also endangers Germany and Europe. Iran must not be allowed to have a foothold, a military foothold in Syria. Iran should leave Syria, all parts of Syria. This is our position, and I think we have to band together to confront this Iranian aggression, the world’s foremost sponsor of terror.

I want to thank you, Chancellor Merkel, for your personal commitment to Israel’s security, and I want to assure you again that our hand is always extended to peace for our neighbors. We have changes in the region that are taking place, and I think they’re very promising. We have contacts with Arab states that are developing. They developed obviously because of our common concern with Iran and its aggressive designs, but I think they go well beyond that, because many Arab states recognize that Israel can contribute technologically to the development of their societies, a better life for their peoples. I think ultimately this is the most promising goal, the most promising route to have peaceful development with the Palestinians as well.

It may not be possible today, but I believe it will be possible tomorrow. And that’s what we’re all working for: A better tomorrow.

I want to thank you again for doing that consistently over the years. I thank you for your friendship, and I thank you for your leadership.

Question: Yaron Avraham, Channel 2 news in Israel. Frau Kanzlerin, as the Prime Minister Netanyahu just said, Ali Khamenei, Iran’s Supreme Leader, tweeted today that Israel is a cancer that has to be removed. How can you, how can Germany continues negotiating with a regime that calls for the destruction of Israel? And for you, Prime Minister of… a little question to the Prime Minister in Hebrew… [Hebrew]

Merkel: [German] We stand by our commitment for the safety and security of the State of Israel. We’ve said this very clearly. I’ve been completely unequivocal also in saying this to Iran. But, we I think are at one in saying we never want Iran to have a nuclear weapon. The question where we disagree is how do we achieve this goal. We think the JCPOA is a possibility to achieve that, at least for a certain period of time, to see to it that Iranian activities in that field are under control and prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon. We also feel that in the aftermath, we need some kind of regulation. We also say we need to talk about their activities in Syria, but we think that through tough negotiations, through joint negotiations, this will be possible. So this is why, on the one hand, the tough positions, I have a very tough position as regards Israel’s security, but I also say with this agreement, we have more transparency, because Iran was about to acquire a nuclear capability. That is the position that we in Germany take.

Netanyahu: [Hebrew]

Question: Prime Minister, President, [unclear] from Reuters… [German] used a different line of argument, I believe, for cancelling JCPOA. You did not say that controls of the JCPOA are superfluous or that they don’t make sense, but that you primarily think that you want to cut or destroy this cash machine, as you said it. Is this true? And do you not share, after all, the same goal with the Chancellor to control them? Don’t you think it would be better to keep at least that agreement in order to control Iran better? And Chancellor, if I may, for topical reasons, one question on the US ambassador here in Germany. Do you think that it is good and appropriate for a trans-Atlantic relationship if an ambassador of another country pursues his own political agenda here in Germany and apparently also hosts the Austrian chancellor in his residence, which is at least unusual, highly unusual for an ambassador?

Merkel: On my behalf, I can only say that I have taken note of this, as of many other things. I will not comment on this. I believe there will be talks also in the Foreign Office, the [unclear] has already taken a very clear position on this.

Netanyahu: I respect Chancellor Merkel enormously, and I think that we are very fortunate to have this great relationship between us. I was asked by the American ambassador to meet him at the airport. I’m going to meet him briefly in the airport. I wouldn’t draw any meaning into that. That is… it just doesn’t exist. We respect the government and the policies of Chancellor Merkel. We have some disagreements, as you can see, on occasion, but they’re not really in goal. They’re more on the question of the method.

Now, we have a difference and had a difference of opinion that I don’t hide, as you know, about the JCPOA. I’ll explain the problems we had with the JCPOA. I actually put this in the Congress very simply. I said that basically—in the US Congress—basically the problem with this deal as I saw it was that it says to Iran in exchange for not enriching uranium for a single bomb today, you can enrich unlimited amounts of uranium for a hundred bombs, two hundred bombs, within seven, eight, ten years. Today it’s about seven years. I thought that was a very bad deal, because it gave Iran the capacity also to develop advanced centrifuges 40 times more effective in the intervening years. So they could have an unlimited enrichment capacity in a few years. That’s not a good deal.

I also said that it doesn’t address the question of ballistic missiles, which we agree upon. And I also said that it doesn’t address the question of Iranian aggression. So I suggested in my speech in the American Congress, if you boil it down to one thing, I said don’t make the restrictions on Iranians, on Iran’s nuclear program depend on a calendar; make them depend on a change of Iranian behavior.

Now, since the deal was signed a few years ago, we see a change in Iranian behavior. We see that Iran is devouring one country after the other, in Yemen, Syria—I’m talking about military presence, enhanced shipments of lethal weapons, and obviously they continue to espouse our destruction and the conquest of the Middle East. So, I think that… The deal also released a lot of cash for Iran, which helps them achieve these goals. I haven’t changed my view of the JCPOA, but I think right now this is becoming a secondary question because the United States has left the deal. And I think the real question we have to confront today is what do we do about Iran’s aggression? What do we do about Iran’s remaining goals in its pursuit of nuclear weapons?

We discussed this in a very practical way. It’s not important right now what was there before. What’s important is what is before us now, and what we have agreed upon is that we have to act together against further aggression. And I think this is the right policy. We remain with open channels. I have to tell you that there is no problem at all in our communication and in many ways, we agree on important goals, including on the question of stopping Iran’s aggression.

Question: Hello, Ariel Kahana from Israel Hayom daily from Israel. Thanks for having us here. I would to change the subject. My question is to the Chancellor: On 1990, the international community, including Israel, recognized Berlin as Germany’s capital. It was made although the past, and just because the people of Germany and the government decided so. My question is why Israel won’t get from Germany the right that every country has to choose its own capital? And why Germany, under your leadership, I would say special leadership towards Israel, won’t give Israel what Israel gave you 28 years ago? Thank you.

Merkel: We think that the question of a capital, also as regards the representation of embassies in that capital, ought to be clarified on the basis of an agreement. And here we have always put out that a two-state solution is what we would favor, and there Jerusalem obviously is also a crucial issue. And Germany exerted its right to self-determination, as you quite rightly said, and therefore also on the basis of valid international agreements asked for Berlin to become its capital. We will do everything in order to foster such international agreements also as regards the two-state solution and Jerusalem as a…

Question: As we all know, Israel fully withdrew from Gaza, and is no longer responsible for the administration of the territory. Regarding the West Bank, the situation is different and the area remains under occupation under Israeli law. Your government is actively advancing now the regularization law that would extend Israeli law to parts of this area, while not imposing Israeli law on most of the residents. The government supports this legislation, your government, despite your own Attorney General deeming it illegal. And I would like to know, how would this work? How can a law be imposed on land, but not on a segment on the population that’s living there? And why is the government supporting legislation against the advice of your Attorney General? And finally, will the occupation ever end under your leadership? And Madam Chancellor, in view of the illegal occupation by Israel, why are you leasing drones by Israel, from Israel, when the country continuously violates international law and has acquired nuclear weapons in an illegal manner?

Netanyahu: This is always put before our courts. Our courts are independent courts and they decide whatever they decide. We follow their ruling. On the question of the peace between us, the end of the occupation as you call it, okay? I think that the Jewish people have some connection to the Jewish homeland. It’s only 4,000 years ago, 3,800 years ago, to be more precise, that Abraham came to that land, and we’ve been connected to it for four millennia. We don’t try to push out anyone. I certainly don’t want to push out anyone. And I want to live in peace with the Palestinians, who happen to be living in my homeland, which happens to be a common place where we have to organize a way to live. The Palestinians have consistently refused, consistently refuse the ideas of coexistence, and even the ideas of two states.

Hamas certainly refuses to recognize two states. They openly say that they want to destroy the Jewish state. We left all of Gaza, and they promptly turned it into an armed camp in which they fire thousands of rockets against us. They burn our fields, and they try to storm into Israel and murder members of the kibbutzim and moshavim who are there, or kidnap our soldiers. So Hamas is half the Palestinian population. That’s… Or Gaza is governed by, the two million people of Gaza are governed by people who are openly committed to our destruction.

The other two million in the West Bank have had ample opportunity, and they still have an opportunity to negotiate a peace with us. They have walked away from such proposals, time and time again. They walked away in 1947, the Partition Resolution. They rejected it. They rejected successive offers by Israeli governments and American governments, Camp David with President Clinton, suggestions that were made to Prime Minister Olmert, very generous suggestion. They walked away from it. And even the promise or the offer that was made by President Obama with Secretary Kerry to negotiate, something that I didn’t fully agree with, I had my reservations, but I had said that I will consider this proposal, certainly willing to negotiate it. Abu Mazen, the head of the Palestinian Authority in Judea and Samaria, the West Bank, he walked away from it and he still hasn’t come back.

Today, he says he will not consider an American proposal because the Trump administration is pro-Israeli. Well, I didn’t use the counter-argument against an Obama proposal. If you’re serious about peace, then sit down and negotiate peace. And if you’re serious about peace, recognize that you can’t, Israel cannot afford to have additional Palestinian territory used as bases against us. We have gotten out of territory that was immediately used not for peace, but to attack us.

So any country would insist not only on our historical rights and our legal rights, the rights of Jews to live anywhere—I wouldn’t tell you that Jews cannot live here and you wouldn’t say that Jews cannot live in our ancestral homeland. But as far as negotiating a political deal, an end to this conflict, there is really one problem. It’s not the absence of a Palestinian state that has been offered time and again; it’s the Jewish state. The Palestinians in the West Bank too say they will never recognize a Jewish state. And that’s the reason this conflict doesn’t get solved. It’s doesn’t get solved because of this or that territorial dispute. It’s the very refusal to accept a Jewish state in any borders that has been preventing a solution to this conflict for a century—for decades before the State of Israel was born and for 70 years after the State of Israel has coming into being.

If you want to ask me what is the single thing that will move peace forward it’s the recognition finally by the Palestinians of the right of the Jewish people to have a state in their ancestral homeland. Where? We can discuss where the borders should be, what arrangements should be. Yes. I think this is subject to those negotiations that I’ve always agreed to have. But I think it starts with that. And I repeat that here. This is not a sound bite, but it is a deep truth. The reason there is no peace is because the Palestinians refuse to recognize a Jewish state in any borders. Once that hurdle is overcome, we shall have peace. We may not overcome it so quickly with the Palestinians, but I think we’re making some progress with the rest of the Arab world, which is 99% of the Arab population in the world.

So it may be that we’ll get agreement with the Arabs. It will take time and maybe it’ll happen in stages, in order to then get agreement with the Palestinians. But if it happens tomorrow and the Palestinians and Abu Mazen says we will recognize, we recognize the Jewish state, we’ll have peace very quickly.

Merkel: For us, the right of existence of the State of Israel is part of our raison d’etre as a state, and you have seen that the Prime Minister says every day this right of existence of the State of Israel is put into question by certain forces, for example Hamas. We agree to disagree on certain issues, for example the settlement policy, but the right of existence of Israel is certainly under threat every day. This is why we are partners. This is why also when this is about, for example, state-of-the-art technology, we shall act and do trade with Israel, also as regards drones. They are actually doing an excellent job in Mali on securing the safety of our soldiers there on the ground. Thank you very much.

Netanyahu: Thank you.
