Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_womer051218

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, chaired the first meeting of the ministerial committee on the fight against violence against women. Also attending the meeting were Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, Social Welfare Minister Haim Katz, Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked, Social Equality Minister Gila Gamliel and professional officials.

Prime Minister Netanyahu instructed Cabinet Secretary Tzachi Braverman to submit the legislation on electronic handcuffing (Law on Technological Monitoring to Ensure the Honoring of Protection Orders and Terms of Conditional Release) to the Ministerial Committee on Legislation on Sunday 9 December, and to then oversee the rapid advance of the law in the Knesset.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also appointed the head of his staff and Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Yoav Horowitz, and Deputy Finance Minister Yitzhak Cohen to evaluate the possibility of increasing budgetary sources for existing programs.

Prime Minister Netanyahu demanded to receive the actual budget spread as well as the designation of the budgets. The Social Welfare Ministry presented the working plan, including assistance for victims. The Prime Minister said that additional action must be taken in prevention, enforcement and punishment.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also directed that educational programs – for kinder-gartens and schools – on preventing violence in the family be examined.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"This is the first meeting of the committee on the fight against violence against women which I chair. I do not chair many committees. The committees that I chair usually see activity and results, such as the Ministerial Committee on National Security [the Security Cabinet], the committee on the Jewish community from Ethiopia and on regulation. This committee is important and I intend to bring about two results – one for the victims and one for those who carry out the crime. The victims are women who suffer violence and abuse and we are committed to implementing the existing plans.

I believe that there are more budgets than I thought, but they are not being used. An unused budget is as if it does not exist. We know what the amounts are and we will act now, first of all, to use them and – if need be –to augment them.

The second thing is to deal with the violent men. I see violence against women as terrorism in every respect. We do not deal with terrorism only by caring for the victim; of course it is necessary to care for the victims of terrorism. But nobody would dare consider that we fight terrorism without dealing with the terrorists. First and foremost there needs to be punishment for these criminals.

My impression is that our various establishments are largely paralyzed and are not doing this. I saw the raw statistics and they are very problematic; therefore, we also want to take action against the abusive husbands and today this is lacking. The discourse that discusses one side only, and does not discuss how we fight this terrorism, this discourse is lacking. Therefore we need to take both sides. The state must give assistance to battered women and children, and we are doing so, but on the other hand, 'punch in the face' the abusive husbands. We must do both things together. We have much work to do on both.

My method in these committees is to set goals and meet every other week, on average, in order to verify that things are being implemented. We must receive a report on what is being done and it was decided in the previous committee to move on to the next meeting. The system is very simple, efficient and very effective. This is what we will do here."
