Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart290418

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting this morning:

"Today we will welcome US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, a true friend of Israel. I think that it is important that he is coming to Israel as part of his first visit outside the US as Secretary of State. I will discuss with him developments in the region, Iran's growing aggression and – of course – the nuclear agreement with Iran, about which there will be a decision soon.

Relations between Israel and the US are stronger than ever and I would like to take this opportunity to again to thank President Trump for the decision to move the American Embassy to Jerusalem, which will take place in a few days.

Today the Cabinet will decide to stiffen punishments of those who illegally fire weapons. The current intention is to do this in built-up areas and I would like to expand it to open areas as well. Along with increased enforcement, this is the real way to deal with the phenomenon of the 'wild south' – there and everywhere else in the country.

Alongside the tragedy that we experienced with the loss of the young women and men, and we again send condolences to the families, we also recently experienced a happy moment. Israel made a great achievement at the European Judo Championships which were held in Israel. I must say that Israel is a major judo power and I would like to send our congratulations to the athletes, trainers and all those who contributed to this great success.

The Giro d'Italia will come to Israel this weekend. This is one of the most covered sporting events in the world and is of a very large scale. What will happen here is that riders from 45 countries will ride in the Land of Israel and see its vistas and give additional positive attention to the State of Israel in the world.

I must say that Israel is also a leader in sports, in judo and in cycling and this reminds me of what our friend Tal Brody said: We are on the map and prominently so."
