Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_tubishvat310118

[Translation]

I will open my remarks by saying how saddened I am by the death of Haim Gouri, one of our greatest poets and authors, a Palmach fighter and one of Israel's founding generation.

I have great respect for those who paved our way to independence. They fought ferociously for the rebirth of the Israel, few against many, and Gouri himself was an extraordinary combination of fighter and man of letters. The challenges to our national existence faced by those in the generations of redemption resonate throughout his prolific oeuvre. Who among us is not familiar with his exceptionally moving songs, such as HaRe'ut [Friendship] and Bab al Wad. I listened to these songs many times even as a child, and they always evoke strong emotions.

Gouri's songs are among the fundaments of the new Hebrew poetry and are part of the State of Israel's soundtrack.

I first met him shortly after my brother Yoni was killed. He spoke very movingly at the time, and since then, we would meet from time to time. Over the past few years, I met with Palmach veterans in my office, including Yeshayahu (Shaike) Gavish, Amos Horev, Zvi Zamir and others, all respected men, all still very sharp. Gouri was also among them. That was true closure, from Bab al Wad, Sha'ar HaGai. We addressed the matter of how to properly memorialize those who broke the siege on Jerusalem and escorted the convoys at Sha'ar HaGai during the War of Independence. They each spoke piercingly, emotionally. And then Haim Gouri spoke, and he recited Nathan Alterman's Dvar Mavki'ei haDerech [Remarks by the Breachers of the Road] by heart.

He had lived those days of lead and blood, days in which his friends fell all around him. He recited the poem, speaking from his soul, from his heart, and when he finished, there was silence. And then I said, "The discussion is over. I have made a decision. The memorialization will be as you wish it, as it should be." I will never forget that moment.

Haim Gouri's work will continue be part of our lives for generations to come. May his memory be blessed.

Distinguished Ladies and Gentlemen,

Sixty-nine years ago, the gavel struck the desk at the first constitutive assembly in Jerusalem. The tidings regarding the renewal of our national statehood in Israel spread and reverberated throughout the Diaspora. It was a festive moment, a time of light. It signified the resumption of the Jewish nation's self-governance after many generations. The democracy we founded drew from the waters of a deep well—from the men of the Great Assembly, from the patterns of community leadership, from the Zionist Congresses, from the consolidation of the Yishuv in the country, and also from the lessons we learned from other democracies around the world.

All these contributed to the establishment of Hebrew parliamentarianism as the battles of the War of Independence died out. The elected officials sensed that they had been given great responsibility, they had been handed something cherished to safeguard. They knew that we had obtained a priceless asset—national freedom. In Europe, we had experienced the horrors of the Holocaust on our flesh; in the Middle East we succeeded in curbing the armies of the Arab countries. Not only did we survive, we showed the world how a small, courageous nation could establish the rule of liberty and law, the rule of the majority, while respecting civil rights, and we should all be proud of it.

We are now approaching our 70th Independence Day. In many places around us, oppression and violence still run rampant. For seven years, we have seen countries collapsing in the region, rising radicalism, bloody conflicts, and the end is nowhere on the horizon. Those who trample freedom and progress, first and foremost the regime in Iran, send their terror proxies in all directions. Iran seeks to arm its proxies in the Middle East with deadly weapons. It is trying to establish its hold over the countries near us. History has taught us that there are democracies that fall into slumber in the face of danger and they do not awake. In the spirit of Winston Churchill's words, the ringing bells awaken them from their sleep. Israel does not suffer from this affliction. We protect our security resolutely and forcefully, and whoever wishes to annihilate us sounds their own death knell.

We stand strong in the face of the aggression of Iran's regime. But I want to stress that I am talking about the regime in Iran. We have no quarrel with the Iranian people, which is held hostage by a brutal, tyrannous leadership. We recently saw thousands of courageous Iranians take to the streets. They want liberty and not oppression, brotherhood and not hatred, hope and not despair. I believe with all my heart that the day will come when the people of Iran will be granted freedom, and will possibly even establish a thriving democracy. If that happens, when that happens, most of the dangers, the threats we face today, will disappear, including those that threaten us and those that threaten our neighbors, because the spread of democracy is expressly the spread of peace. I believe this is also true with regard to other nations in our region that aspire after freedom and democracy, like the Kurdish people striving for liberty, fighting deadly forces at this very minute.

However, happily, there are more positive trends of moderation and self-reflection in parts of the Arab world. Although there is still a very long journey ahead, many, in Arab states and in Iran, observe Israel's democracy with appreciation. They look at this institution with admiration. I think that this might come as a shock to Israel's citizens who are used to hearing criticism, and even harsh criticism, often justifiably, about the work of the Knesset. But sometimes an outside perspective is needed to appreciate what we have. This is what a Kuwaiti journalist wrote recently: "Since its founding, Israel has been committed to democracy, while we refuse to even speak of it, let alone adopt it. . . . Israel has given its minorities rights that most citizens in most Arab countries do not even dream of. . . . Israel has known law and order since its first day, while we still try to comprehend the meaning of both these words." And there are quite a few remarks in this spirit.

Ladies and Gentlemen,

Israel is one of a few countries that established a democratic regime after World War II, and by the way, the list of these countries also includes India, where I visited two weeks ago in what I cautiously permit myself to call a historic visit. It is fascinating to see the heterogenic population of India and the vast variety of faiths, approaches, languages and ethnic groups, all of which are an intrinsic component of the largest democracy in the world. There is no such thing as a democracy that has no tensions and complexities, sometimes even contradictions. These are not a flaw of democracy, but a fundamental part of it.

The decisive test in regard to democracy is the will of the people. At the very base, it is the people who decide at the ballot box and nowhere else. Democracy is given to constant change, it is not frozen, it does not belong to one single group that decides everything alone. I am a great supporter of Montesquieu's theory of the separation of powers. A balance is required among the branches, as none of them are the supreme ruler over the land. This balance is dynamic, it changes, it involves debates, disagreements, frustration, and I believe also agreements and compromise.

Life changes, the nation changes, and democracy changes with them. I always provide the example of the greatest of democracies, the mother of modern democracies—Great Britain. If you look at what English democracy was like in the 19th century, and what it is like today at the beginning of the 21st century, you will see how it is has changed, how many reforms it has undergone. It was never a static, motionless being. It changed with great strain and arguments and also great achievements.

Those who study Israel's political history will find, for example, how the revolution of '77 contributed to the evolvement of democracy. The people had become weary of the government and handed the reigns over to a new one. It has been said that Abraham Lincoln was the greatest American president, while others say that George Washington was the greatest American president, as he enabled the election of the president who succeeded him, which was not obvious. But that is the essence—the people decide, the people vote. That is what happened here in '77, but there were those who claimed that by voting this way, people were ruining democracy, they were causing democracy to deteriorate, and even that the people needed to be replaced.

But the truth is that Israeli democracy has improved immensely since then. Populations that were once excluded have gained influence; sectors that were once deprived have taken their rightful place; 'equal opportunity' is no longer merely a catchphrase, it is a dream that has become reality. And look at the transformation we have introduced since then to our economy—instead of a centralized market that was governed from the top, we developed a free market, a growing economy with entrepreneurship, innovation and technology. We have turned Israel to a global technological superpower. And I say this with full validity. I just met with many world leaders. It is a fact, and they see it as such as well.

We protect the rights of all Israel's citizens, Jews and non-Jews alike; we are opening the communications market to competition; we are incorporating people from various sectors into the work force; we support proper representation of all parts of the population and all elements of the public in our public institutions. That is appropriate. It is democracy at its best.

And the Knesset, my friends, plays a central role in democratic life, as it expresses in its legislation and discussions the will of the people. I am also aware of and witness to the important work that is performed by the committees and in the plenum, by the coalition and the opposition, and it is correct, Mr. Speaker, to allow such expression. I know that what is grating and noisy grabs all the attention, but great work is done here. I wish to express my appreciation to all the members of this house, because this is the parliamentary mechanism, which is one of the components of our democracy, and it does very important work.

We must continue to keep ourselves in check even in the heat of an argument, even when it is harsh and profound. Debates and arguments—absolutely; personal tongue-lashing and castigations, sometimes cheap and foul-mouthed—absolutely not. And most of us know where the line is between the two, I just think that we must all pay more attention to it. We must remember that the power of democracy is determined entirely in-house. On our watch, it is we who are responsible for this house.

Mr. Speaker, you mentioned that our friend United States Vice President Mike Pence spoke here last week. He delivered a warm and moving speech. Vice President Pence expressed his wonder at the vitality of the Israeli democracy, and was given a live demonstration during his speech. He said that particularly against the backdrop of the unending tests that we face. I know that this is also the opinion of President Trump, but one just needed to hear Pence's words to be convinced of something that I believe—that our vibrant and free democracy is in no danger. It is constantly in the process of evolving, but its foundations are strong. It may not be a perfect democracy, but I know of no perfect democracies, I know of no perfect countries. But this is a well-functioning democracy, just like the State of Israel is a well-functioning state, although there is still room for improvement.

I know of no other democracy that is put to the daily tests that the Israeli democracy faces. Therefore, in my opinion, the self-flagellation claiming that our democracy is in danger is simply wrong. I think that flagellation is part of democracy, as is the argument against it.

A different American president, John Kennedy, said, "Israel was not created in order to disappear—Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom."

Kennedy's words are even more refreshing and valid than they were when he said them in 1960. Israel is a democratic bastion of liberty, prosperity and hope. Many countries in the world admire our accomplishments, the things we do, the aid and progress we deliver to them. We will continue to proudly fulfil our destiny to serve as light unto the nations, we will strengthen the light of the Knesset, the symbol of our sovereignty in Jerusalem, our eternal, united capital.

Happy birthday to the Knesset, and congratulations to the State of Israel.
