Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_pmo_bulgaria011118

"It’s wonderful to be with you in Bulgaria.

I am honored that you initiated this meeting and this important summit. I think Israel can cooperate in a magnificent way with the countries of the Western Balkan. It’s your vision, our common vision, because Israel is an innovation nation and it can help the people of Bulgaria and the other countries here by cooperating in ways that will help us and will help you in every field—in water, digital health, cybersecurity, IT. Everything, every field. That can help create jobs, make life better, richer, safer, for our peoples. And I believe that this is a wonderful opportunity to take our relations to even greater heights.

I also deeply appreciate, Boyko, your invitation to me to come to this magnificent palace. I promised I would come; here I am. Friends keep their promises, and we are great friends. This is the third time that you and I meet in four months. Three times in four months, and that reveals the intensity of our friendship, the intimacy of our friendship, and what we believe we can do and accomplish for our peoples, because our close personal friendship mirrors the close friendship between the people of Israel and the people of Bulgaria.

This friendship goes back centuries. During your most recent visit to Israel, we unveiled a monument in Tel Aviv honoring the heroic rescue of Bulgarian Jews during the Holocaust. We’ll never forget it. The people of Israel remember and appreciate the Bulgarian citizens who laid themselves down on the train tracks to prevent the deportation of Bulgarian Jews from Sofia.

In this visit, you also gave me new documents that you had found and that we are going to study very carefully about additional things that are not known about these efforts by Bulgarian Jews, by Bulgarians, to save Jews during the Holocaust.

We also appreciate your continued efforts to eliminate hate speech and combat antisemitism in Bulgaria and throughout Europe.

We are part of the same civilization, a civilization that values liberty, peace and progress, and today this civilization is under attack, most notably by the forces of militant Islam. Militant Islam attacks all of us. It attacks Arabs. It attacks Europeans. It attacks Israelis. It attacks everyone.

The most potent force of militant Islam is the Iranian regime. It’s devouring one nation after the other—in Syria, in Lebanon, in Iraq and elsewhere. And it’s killing civilians around the world.

We uncovered recently several Iranian attempts to launch terrorist attacks on the soil of Europe, and we stand together in this battle against terrorism and against militant Islam.

This is not merely a battle for the future of our countries, but for the future of our common values and our common civilization, and by cooperating, we are stronger. We are stronger together.

Our security cooperation is excellent. We’re discussing ways to further that, including in certain military activities, and even in military endeavors—manufacturing of weapons systems and other ideas that we are discussing together.

This visit also enables us to further our cooperation in trade, in cyber, in health, in science, much more. I believe that there is much we can do together.

Israel is a leading force in technology in the world. We are a leader in cybersecurity, smart mobility, digital health, in just about every field. Every field is changing today because of technology. And the countries that seize this innovation will seize the future.

Bulgaria is a hub for the IT industry. The combination of Israeli technology and Bulgarian technology and industry is very powerful. Over the past three years, a large number of Israeli IT companies have opened branches in Bulgaria and throughout the region, in Romania and Serbia as well. And this is a wonderful way to exchange know-how, this creates jobs, the jobs of the future, and it creates an accelerant for technological progress.

The most rapid technological transfers occur when business exchanges occur, and I would like to see more Israeli and Bulgarian companies working together. Quite a few of them are already doing that. I think this visit will create even more.

It will also create, I’m sure, an increase in tourism. Boyko, you may know that 210,000 Israelis visit Bulgaria each year. I guarantee it that after this visit, many more will come, because I’m going to tell them of this beautiful country and this extraordinary friendship, which they already know about, but I think many more will come.

Another area that we have great potential in cooperation in is energy. We are at the moment talking with some of the countries that are going to be in this conference, specifically with Greece, about an East Med pipeline that would bring gas from our gas fields, off-shore gas fields, to Europe. It’s a very ambitious project. It’s now in the feasibility study stage, but our initial findings are positive, and I believe that some of this gas could reach Bulgaria and could benefit both our countries.

It’s one of the items that we’re going to discuss today and tomorrow. We’re also going to speak about furthering our cooperation in cybersecurity, in intelligence, in water, in health, and more—and how to get our two peoples closer together through scientific cooperation and student exchanges.

So I look forward to these discussions. We’ve already begun them. They’re done in an atmosphere of—how shall I say this?—family, like members of the same family who are talking to one another, and not just formal diplomatic discussions.

And I take this opportunity to thank you and the people of Bulgaria for this friendship and for this hospitality. I also thank you for your unwavering commitment to Israel's security, and under your leadership, Boyko, Bulgaria has become an important partner for Israel inside the European Union. Bulgaria is an important country in the Balkans; Bulgaria is an important country in the world. But for Israel, it is uniquely important, and I look forward to continuing to work together, because together we are forging a more prosperous future for our people, for this region, for the world.

Thank you, Boyko. Thank you very much, my friend."
