Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart110318

PM Netanyahu at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

"Last Friday I returned from the US where I met with the President of the United States, a great friend of Israel, Donald Trump. I addressed the AIPAC Policy Conference, and met with Senate and House leaders – Republicans and Democrats, US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley, and hundreds of businesspeople. I encouraged them to invest in Israel.

The diplomatic talks focused mainly on Iran. I said that the nuclear agreement with Iran contains within it many dangers for the world, including the special danger of the nuclearization of the Middle East. Many countries in the Middle East are saying that they are also allowed to enrich uranium if Iran is allowed to do so; therefore, the way to prevent this danger, the nuclearization of the Middle East, is to either thoroughly correct the agreement or abrogate it. Moreover, I remind you that Iran declares, on an almost daily basis – including recently, its intention to wipe out the State of Israel. It is hardly worth saying that we will not allow this, to put it mildly.

Today, the Cabinet will approve a plan to improve the lot of Holocaust survivors. This plan was formulated by a special ministerial team that I established and which also included Deputy [Finance] Minister Yitzhak Cohen. This team pinpointed two basic problems: One, that Holocaust survivors find it difficult to cope with the government bureaucracy; they do not even know what their rights are. The second thing is that there is no single government agency that coordinates for them with the government ministries. The plan that we will approve today solves both of these problems. It determines a single address for utilizing the rights of Holocaust survivors vis-à-vis all government ministries and it cuts a path through the bureaucracy.

I would like to make it clear that we will go to Holocaust survivors' homes if need be in order to make certain that they are utilizing their rights in full. I would like to thank the team and Deputy Minister Yitzhak Cohen for leading and coordinating this important work."
