Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_masuot180418

Dear citizens of Israel,

At this great moment, as we celebrate the 70th anniversary of the State of Israel, I recall a line from the Declaration of Independence: "The Land of Israel was the birthplace of the Jewish people…After being forcibly exiled from their land, the people kept faith with it throughout their Dispersion…" Thirty two years ago, on a rainy morning, I visited the Arch of Titus in Rome. I stood beneath the ancient structure next to groups of tourists from Japan and Scandinavia. I remember their tour guide pointing, with a dripping umbrella, at the stone panel depicting Roman soldiers in a triumphal procession, parading with the menorah from the ruined Temple. It was a moment of introspection. I was pondering our people's turns of fate when I suddenly noticed great excitement among the tourists. They were pointing at the menorah enthusiastically, some of them clearly saying, "Israel, Israel." They were expressing the sentiments of many who visit the Arch of Titus – that the menorah, carved in stone as a symbol of bondage and destruction, has transformed into a symbol of revival and rebirth. Here it is in front of us.

This, my friends, is unparalleled in the history of nations because all other ancient nations that were exiled from their lands ultimately vanished. They scattered and assimilated into other nations. Only the Jews, who were blown away like leaves in the stormy winds of exile, refused to disappear. We refused to assimilate. We remained faithful to Zion. We dreamed of returning to Jerusalem, and in Zion, in our land, the Land of Israel, we grew again into a strong trunk with blossoming branches.

In the year 70, Judea was destroyed; in the year 70, the light of the menorah was stamped out. But today, on the 70th anniversary of Israel's independence, the menorah is the symbol of our country and its light shines brighter than ever. In the words of the prophet Isaiah, "Arise, shine, for thy light is come." Citizens of Israel, there are still today those who seek to extinguish the menorah, extinguish the light of Zion. I promise you: this will not happen. It will not happen because our light will always triumph over their darkness.

When David Ben-Gurion announced the establishment of the state, he did not hesitate, even though he knew that it would lead to a war against those who sought to prevent our national rebirth. Today as well, we are not afraid to fight those who seek to eradicate us because we know that defending ourselves by ourselves is the essence of independence. We are as strong and determined as ever. The secret of our strength lies in our unity, the justice of our cause and our fighters, the remarkable Maccabees of today, who are guided by their love for our country and entrusted with the outcome of the battle. If we are required to defend ourselves, we will meet the challenge and ensure Israel's future.

Ladies and gentlemen, friends,

The Declaration of Independence was neither carved on a scroll nor written in ink. It was written in the blood of our sons and daughters and in the bravery of the defenders of our nation from 1948 until today. To all those serving in the IDF and the security forces, I salute you. The entire nation salutes you and the entire nation loves you. We are one nation—Jews from all nations, from Morocco and Russia, from Poland and Ethiopia, from France and Yemen. With us are our brothers and sisters: the Druze, Christians, Muslims, Bedouins and Circassians who have tied their fate with ours and who contribute to our country in every field.

Dear citizens, even when there are disagreements among us—and it cannot be any other way in our vibrant democracy—we will maintain mutual respect and unity, knowing that we only have one home. When my grandfather's generation came here 100 years ago, they kissed the ground of our homeland. Today, whenever Israelis return from abroad, as the wheels of the plane touch down, they clap, and I tell you, there is no such thing in any other country in the world—"Welcome home!"

And whenever I meet people, and I meet many of you, I ask you, "What do you think of our country?"—and forgive me, my friend Avshalom Kor, for the wonders of the renewed Hebrew language, many of you answer, "Prime Minister, we have a country that's chaval al hazman. Ein ale'ha." And it's so true. There is no other country like it. And it doesn’t surprise me because Herzl, the founder of Zionism, prophesied, "Give us a piece of land to hold on to, and the rest we will do ourselves." He was so right. A new spirit, the spirit of revival, has brought the dry bones to life. Brick by brick, we are building our national home. We have turned the wilderness into an oasis, rocks into roads, and isolated immigrant camps into thriving cities.

Seventy years ago, immediately after the declaration of independence, masses took to the streets, dancing and chanting, "Long live the State of Israel!". There is a story that one of them looked to the skies, sighing, "Long live the State of Israel, but, God—live on what?!" Today, the answer is clear—on the water, agriculture, industry, tourism, gas, technology, innovation, talent and initiative of the citizens of Israel, the remarkable talent and initiative of the citizens of Israel that burst forth with even greater momentum over the past several decades, after we turned the State of Israel into a free market. You are the engine. You are the source. You are the force.

We all cherish our unbreakable bond with the United States. We all welcome President Trump's historic decision to recognize Jerusalem as our capital and move the embassy of the greatest power in the world to Jerusalem. Thank you, Mr. President, thank you, America.

Many countries, from all continents, admire our material and spiritual achievements, our accomplishments in science and culture. A few months ago, I visited India. I have to tell you—in one city, a quarter of a million Indians took to the streets, waving Israeli flags and cheering for the State of Israel. I must tell you, it moved me to tears. I asked my host, "You are a nation of 1.25 billion people, we number a little less. Soon, with God's help, we will be nine million. Please explain to me the interest that India has in Israel." The Prime Minister of India replied, "You are a superpower! A global technological superpower." Thanks to our technological and security prowess, we are revolutionizing our foreign relations and are now experiencing a diplomatic high unparalleled in the history of Israel. We are turning Israel into a rising global force.

Citizens of Israel, whenever I meet world leaders on your behalf, I am so proud to represent you, represent our country, which is a beacon of strength, freedom and progress. Moreover, I want to tell you—deep respect, I would even use the word admiration, deep admiration for Israel is finally coming to another important place—Arab countries. Here, I believe, lie the true seeds of peace. Our hand is extended in peace to all our neighbors who seek peace. And to our enemies, who still think that Israel is a passing phase, I have news for you—70 years from now, you will find a country seven times stronger, because what we have done so far is only the beginning. Israel's menorah will glow forever.

.Happy Independence Day, Israel
