Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_hill130518

Translation

Ahead of us lies Ammunition Hill, but not only its trenches, bunkers and posts. We can also imagine the brave fighters who stormed the hill under heavy fire during the Six Day War. Their bravery paved the way for the liberation of Jerusalem. Those who have taken part in battle know the dread of war. It is harsh and paralyzing. You must overcome the fear and anxiety, and that is what our fighters did.

However, this came at a cost. Following the death of his son Avner Getz, a paratrooper who fell before the Old City was penetrated, Rabbi Yehuda Getz said something heartrending: "I am both privileged and mournful that my son fell for the liberation of Jerusalem."

The pain of bereavement and the joy of victory have become intertwined. Along with the grief, we also remember that their actions lifted the threat against us, guaranteed our revival and assured our return to our ancestral homeland.

My generation remembers well our enemies sharpening their swords in the days leading up to the war. They bragged about their intentions to push us into the sea, to destroy us. However, we know how it ended. Their threats and arrogance did not help them on the crucial day. We stood unified and dealt a death blow to those who wished to destroy us.

Calls for our extermination continue to this day. We will always thwart murderous designs against us. We will attack those who attack us. We will launch preemptive strikes against those who plan to attack us. Those who threaten us with extinction put themselves in similar danger. These steps are necessary for a people that cherishes life. These are not just empty words. As you have seen, they are followed by actions. The same goes for Jerusalem – an invisible historic thread connects the past to the present.

I just came from an uplifting ceremony at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs with a delegation from the US administration and Congress. Our friends have come from all over the world and there is great excitement because tomorrow we will inaugurate, with great splendor, the American Embassy in Arnona, Jerusalem. This resonates with me because I lived there for the first three years of my life. I was a small boy, but I remember the Talpiot and Arnona neighborhoods, and I also remember this place. I remember this place exactly.

In the next few days, Guatemala and Paraguay will also move their embassies to Jerusalem, and I am confident that other countries will follow suit. I am more than confident – I know. I share this secret with you. This is a complementary step to the reunification of our capital 51 years ago. We were moved when the President of the United States, Donald Trump, formally recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital. He recognized a historic truth, a simple truth. Denying it takes a lot of effort. He told the truth.

Three thousand years have passed since King David established his capital, the capital of Israel's kingdom, the Kingdom of Judea, in Jerusalem. Over the centuries, ours was the original claim to Jerusalem and we remained loyal to the city. Apart from us, there is not a single people in the world that can claim that Jerusalem was their capital at any point in time, because Jerusalem has always been and will remain the capital of Israel. The eternal values embodied in Jerusalem are cemented in our heritage: unity, justice, compassion and peace. They are also represented in the ability of the followers of the three monotheistic religions to visit their places of worship in Jerusalem freely. The State of Israel ensures that.

This is so far from the swords that are raised against houses of worship in vast areas across the Middle East. Here, they pray. There, they desecrate. We will continue to pray and will not allow any desecration to take place. The unification of Jerusalem brought relief to the wounds of 1948. Seventy years ago, Jerusalem was under a long siege. Extremely tense battles took place in the Jewish Quarter. The defenders of the Quarter made a supreme effort to endure. Among them were youngsters, even children, who delivered information, food and weapons. One of them was Private Nissim Gini, a nine-and-a-half year old boy, who served as a lookout. Some called him "the soldier with baby teeth." A Jordanian sniper's bullet put an end to his short life. Young Nissim, whom we highly honor, is the youngest of the fallen soldiers in Israel's wars.

In the end, the fighters in the Jewish Quarter were forced to lay down their arms. Dozens of them were captured by the Jordanians, and the residents, refugees from the Old City, were forcibly evacuated. For 19 years, Jews did not live inside the walls. I remember this just like you do, Mr. President, you remember the barbed wire fences, the snipers, the outposts and the casualties. We will never return to that gloomy reality.

Jerusalem will march forward, develop and thrive as a united city. Today Jerusalem is open, accessible and vibrant. I am not saying that everything about it is perfect – we are constantly working to improve it, to reduce gaps in east and west Jerusalem and everywhere. However, a real effort is being made to develop, advance and build it. Not all is perfect and there are times of tension, there are challenges, perhaps we will face them in the near future. However, as we have proven time and again, since 1948 and until today – we will be strong for Jerusalem.

In 1918, one hundred years ago, Boris Schatz, the founder of the Bezalel Academy of Arts, wrote the book "Jerusalem Rebuilt: A Daydream." In the book, Schatz let his imagination run wild and he described a future Jerusalem, in 2018. Look at what he wrote, as someone looking at Jerusalem from above, "Below there is a beautiful city that stretches over hills and valleys, with high buildings, domes, bright flat rooftops, gardens, ponds and bridges crossing the valleys." Today, one hundred years later, I would invite Boris Schatz to see the bridge that was built for the train that will run soon to Jerusalem above Cedar Valley and the Chords Bridge, lit up, at the entrance to the city. Reality surpasses imagination and prophecies do come true.

In one of his prophecies, the prophet Isaiah said about Jerusalem that it was "full of noise, a tumultuous city, a joyous city…" We have given renewed meaning to these ancient words. Jerusalem's magic will continue to be wrapped in golden light, from the past and for all eternity.

Happy Jerusalem Day!
