Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_conference210218

- Transcription -

I’ll start with three thank yous. The first one is to President Trump. This is the first convening of the Conference of Presidents after his historic decision on Jerusalem, which touched all of our hearts. The second thank you is to you for your continual support for the State of Israel over many years. I’ve known it personally. I’ve known you personally. And I know how that animates you and motivates you and forms the essence of your beings. The third thank you is to the Israel intelligence forces. We revealed today that Israel’s intelligence services prevented the shooting down of an Australian airliner, and I can tell you that this is one of many, many such actions that we did preventing terrorism around the world. They deserve all your support, not only for protecting the people of Israel, but protecting people everywhere around the world.

Now, Steve, as you said, there are great changes in the region. And I think you can attest to them, and I can attest to them. And I think anyone with eyes in his head or her head can see this dramatic transformation of our region. It starts with the fact that most Arab countries now see Israel not as their enemy, but as their indispensable ally in the battle against common challenges. The greatest challenge that we face comes from the regime in Iran. They see it; we see it.

There’s a challenge that also comes from the other branch of militant Islam, from the extreme, the radical Sunnis, as I’ve just described the attempt of Daesh to bring down aircraft, and many other things. And Israel has been extremely instrumental in that, and that serves the Arab countries as well.

But above all, they, all of us, are concerned with Iran’s growing aggression, and that aggression has grown since the Iran nuclear deal. That deal both enriched Iran and that deal has also increased Iran’s aggression, both things. And that’s why it’s so dangerous. Now we, last week, shot down a drone, an Iranian drone, after it entered our airspace. This was a brazen and unprovoked attack against Israel. It’s one of many, many unprovoked attacks in the region, you know, from Iraq to Syria to Lebanon to Gaza to Yemen and many other places. Iran’s aggression has been emboldened. The nuclear deal emboldened Iran. The nuclear deal enriched Iran.

Understand that if things continue as they are today, if nothing changes, and the sanctions keep going down, then you can estimate fairly clearly that if tens of billions of dollars go into Iran’s coffers every year, extra money, if you project that, you extrapolate that over a decade, you can talk from anywhere to half a trillion dollars to a trillion dollars extra money that goes to this regime. That’s one path.

The second path, if this deal is not changed is that Iran will have basically a free course to walk into a nuclear arsenal. They’ll be able to enrich uranium on an unlimited scale, and enriched uranium is the most critical part of making nuclear bombs. There are other parts—missiles to deliver them. They don’t obey any of the limitations of the UN Security Council. There’s weaponization. You can be sure that we can’t inspect their weaponization. Why? Because you cannot inspect, according to the Iranians, military sites. If you wanted to hide Iran’s nuclear program, where would you hide it? You cannot… I’ll give you a hint, okay. It’s a place… You certainly would have to inspect various sites in Iran, and you certainly cannot not inspect nuclear sites. This is in fact what Iran is doing. It has a highway to a nuclear arsenal. Not to a nuclear bomb, but to an arsenal of nuclear bombs. This is what has happened in the last two years, and we have to… and everybody understands this.

So Iran is the most destructive force in the Middle East, and all the other forces understand this and there’s a natural banding together, because there are constructed forces in the region. I think engaging them is very important. I think you’ve just seen some of those constructive forces in your visit to the Gulf, and by the way, I’m definitely not talking about Qatar, but I am talking about the place where you just visited and many others. They want a better future for their people. They do not support terrorist groups like Hamas. They do want to engage with the positive forces to block Iran’s aggression. And I have to be very clear about that.

That is something that both animates their engagement in the region, but many of them also want something else. They do not only want the benefits of Israel’s technological prowess and security, they want the benefit of Israel’s technological prowess in civilian matters, because Israel has now become a world leader—a world leader in water, a world leader in agriculture, a world leader in IT, a world leader in automotive technology, autonomous vehicle, a world leader in health, a world leader in many, many, many other technologies. The possibilities of cooperating within the Middle East by the constructive forces is vast.

So we have a new alliance. You can attest to it. You have been attesting to it for quite some time. We’ve been talking about that over and over. And what was first a discussion, a privy discussion between us, has now become something that everyone in the world is aware of.

You see that map over there. This is Iran, in case you didn’t know, okay? I call it the red and the black, okay? The red is ISIS, which is shrinking and will soon disappear in Syria and Iraq, and ISIS is also trying to establish itself in the Sinai, in Somalia, in Africa. It’s changing obviously, and we are involved in preventing, where we can, ISIS attacks, as I’ve just described, and its attempt to entrench itself in areas close to us.

As ISIS is shrinking here, Iran is moving in. What Iran wants to do now is to create a land bridge from Tehran to Tartus in the Mediterranean. It wants to be able to have essentially a unified empire. And it’s also sent its forces to Yemen, essentially replicating Hezbollah by supporting the Houthis, who are now firing rockets into Riyadh 700 kilometers away from Yemen. This is what Iran is trying to do.

There are two things that I want to point out to you, and I think it’s important to understand. We will never allow Iran to establish military bases in Syria, to be used against us. We will never allow Iran to get nuclear weapons. This is the most important point of our policy.

The second thing that you can understand is who’s not in the black, and that essentially forms that partnership. It’s a great change, unimaginable in most of my lifetime, but it’s happening. We’re helping it along, and let me say that I think you’re helping it along. I think there is an appreciation of the fact that these countries find an echo of their new policies in a new attitude by the American-Jewish community, Jewish organizations in the United States and elsewhere. I think this is very, very important.

I think also that the American people understand that Iran is the problem, not the solution. And I thank President Trump for changing the orientation of American policy on this point as well.

So, we have challenges. It’s a curse. But in the curse, there is a blessing. The realignment is a blessing; it points to a better future.

The second thing that I want to tell you is that, in addition to this, Israel’s position in the world as a global technological power is changing our relations not only with the countries of the Middle East, but well beyond.

You might remember that David Ben-Gurion, the first prime minister of Israel, believed that because we couldn’t make friends in our immediate circle, that we have to have friends beyond it. So he sought to establish, and did establish, relations with Ethiopia, with Turkey and with Persia, Iran—non-Arab countries. We’re changing that twice. One is… Well, you know, some of these countries have gone south, as they say. They’ve not gone, they’ve strayed from the original relationship that we had, and the original policies they had in general. But we’re changing Ben-Gurion’s conception. We’re enlarging it in two ways. One is we go into the region, as I’ve just told you. And the second is we’re going outside the region in a way that cannot be imagined.

This is a map of our diplomatic contacts in the last year, new agreements that were signed, either economically or politically. It encompasses a good part of the globe. I put America separately. I’ll get to it later. This is an amazing map. It includes all the great powers of Asia. It includes China, Japan, new investment agreements that we have there. You know how much Japanese investment has increased in Israel since Mr. Abe’s visit here and my visit in Japan? You want to guess? It’s a few years, three years. Pick a number. Twice? Three times? How about 20 times? That’s a change. Uh-huh.

We have… I went to Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan, Asian countries, of course Russia, 25 years. We used to be at war; we’re not at war. If you’d like, I’ll talk about that later. It’s a big change. And of course, I went to India. Can you show the…? Are we wading in the water? Where’s that? Can you show that? Well, this is… You know that one, but maybe you don’t know this one. This is an experimental farm with Israeli agriculture experts, and the farmers came there in Gujarat, in India, on my visit. And one after the other, they said, “Israeli knowhow helped me increase our crops three times, four times, our yields, our income—three times, four times, five times.” An amazing thing given that India’s population, 65% of which are farmers, you can imagine that Mr. Modi is interested in this. It’s important.

Now, this newfound relationship is new. India, like other countries, has also relations with some of our enemies and adversaries. That’s not changed. What has changed is the relationship with us, and that goes across the board. Go back to the map. I went to Africa three times in 18 months, and the number of countries who are coming to us is extraordinary. We cannot even accommodate all those who are coming here. I went to Latin America for the first time in Israel’s history. You know this was the first time that an Israeli prime minister went anywhere south of Texas in 70 years. The reception there was overwhelming.

Why is this happening? For two reasons. One reason you know, and that’s security. Everybody is threatened by militant Islamic terrorism. The sparks reach to every country, every continent from Australia to Latin America, Africa, Asia, Europe, North America—every country is threatened by this, and Israel has unique services to offer. So that’s one reason. Here’s the second reason. We live in an age of an extraordinary transformation, extraordinary transformation of the world economy.

So here is the ten leading companies in the world, by market cap, ten years ago, okay? 2006 to 2016. This is what is driving so much of what you see around you. In 2006, eleven years ago, a little more than 11 years ago, five energy companies were in the list, one IT, Microsoft. Flash forward ten years later, it’s completely reversed—five IT companies and only one energy company left, Exxon that went from number one to number five. The great wealth is in conceptual products. There has never been a change like this in the history of the world.

It’s so rapid, it’s so vast, every one of you knows it, because you have your iPhones with you, and you know how you shop, you know how you get information. You know this vast change. Here’s what this change is: It boils down to the meeting ground of big data, artificial intelligence and connectivity. It’s changing our world. Israel is right in the center of this change. Where do you see this change? Well, I’ll give you an example. I mentioned Africa? Show Africa.

In Africa, they’re interested in agriculture. Israel is developing precision agriculture. Do you know what that is? Here's what precision agriculture is. You got a drone in the sky, sensors on the ground. It collects data to a big database, and then it drives the drip irrigation and drip fertilization down to the individual plant. Did you get that? Not by the individual field, by the individual plant. So you don’t waste resources and water. Imagine how more effective agriculture is. It’s a different world.

Big data, artificial intelligence and connectivity: That’s where Israel is. Three big industries, in addition to agriculture, that we’re developing. Israel is breaking ground, okay? The first one is cyber, cybersecurity. Everything that is growing, all those companies that we described, they need cybersecurity. You want to show investments? Look at the percentage here. Israel receives about 20% of the global private investment in cybersecurity. We have hundreds of companies. Now, what is our percentage in the world population? Do you know? Well, you got to know. We don’t reach a percent. We’re one-tenth of one percent. This means we’re punching above our weight 200 times. Again, not two times, not twenty times—two hundred times. Israel has become a world leader in cybersecurity because of those three things that I've said.

Another example? Autonomous vehicles, and I would say automotive industry altogether. It used to be that you had to have an engine, a car, tires. You needed scale for that. We tried to compete in that; we failed miserably. Okay? But we don’t fail now, because in a few years, the value of a car will be 85% software and 15% all the rest. It’s basically a computer on wheels. There we can compete. We have thousands of entrepreneurs, 500 tech companies, okay? How many? Two hundred and fifty research groups in Israel. And look at these. Some of these are well-known to you. Do you use Waze? Yeah, that’s an Israeli company that Google bought for nothing, a billion dollars. At least Mobileye did a little better because Intel paid 15 billion dollars. I still think they got a good deal. And the more important thing is that the 500 companies that are here, that are creating this new technology, they're receiving anywhere from three to four billion dollars annually. Israel has a car industry. It sprang up from the air. No it didn’t. It sprang up from the genius of our people. Because they have big data, artificial intelligence and connectivity.

A third one? Digital health. You want to be healthy? You want to live longer? I think you do, right? The whole world does. And what we’re doing is, we’ve got a database, unique. I don’t think any other country has it. Maybe Estonia. It has one million people. We have eight million people, closer to nine. And we have 98% of the population of Israel on a database, so that if you go into an Israeli hospital you have the medical record of every citizen for the last 20 years. You don’t have to start looking for files or anything like that. We are about to make a decision, to take a decision in the government to invest money in this, so that we have this database, take 100,000 people, a subset of that, give them a saliva swab, so now we have a genetic makeup subset of this database. And then take a subset of a couple of thousand people and let them go on treadmills, check their physiological behavior. Three layer database that can do two things. One, it can do personalized medicine. It can tell you what is good for you. Second, it can do preventive medicine on an extraordinary scale. Third, it could identify diseases and cures as never before. This could be a breakthrough in the biggest industry of all.

I just gave you three things where Israel is forging new ground. There are probably many more. In fact, I sat yesterday with some of our finest minds and I said, where is it that we should focus some of our resources, as we did in cyber. Let’s see what’s the next new ground, the next new horizon. Israel has this capacity. We’re changing the world. We’re not only changing Israel, we’re changing the world. We’re making it a better, safer place. All the countries in the world understand that, they understand that.

You can show that map again. I said they’re all important. We're coloring the countries blue. We're even coloring the Middle East blue, but I can't show it. Just make a generic statement.

But there’s one country that stands out. It’s the United States of America. Our relationship with the United States is the indispensable alliance and it is different from anything else. It is an absolute foundation of our security. We enjoy the support of the American people and it’s actually been growing, growing, growing steadily.

Can you show the map of American support for Israel? This is a Gallop poll. This is support for Israel in the United States. What is your opinion of Israel? Positive. What is your opinion of the Palestinian Authority? That's flat. You can see that. It’s like the ECG of a… never mind… the dearly departed. Okay.

But look at this. It’s growing all the time. And I want to tell you there’s not much left. But if you track it back actually to the Six Day War, it’s about 35%. So it just keeps on growing, growing, growing. Why is that?

Well, I think part of the reason is sitting in this room. Because I think you form the indispensable link to the indispensable alliance. The other is in the people who I just met in the other room. They are Christian friends of Israel, and the others are the broad American public that understands that Israel stands for what America stands. That Israel in many ways is what the enemies of both our countries believe. We’re part and parcel of that same civilization. And I think this alliance is one of the things that makes a better world and a safer world.

I want to thank you for nurturing it. I want to thank you for standing up for Israel, standing by Israel, standing up for the truth time and again.

Thank you, we’ll meet again next year right here in Jerusalem, the united capital, forever united, of the State of Israel.

Thank you all. Thank you for your support. I appreciate it deeply, and the people of Israel appreciate it deeply. Thank you. one of you knows it, because
