Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech_altalena300518

Translation

Last month we held a moving ceremony at the Etzel Museum on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Jaffa. We paid tribute to the courageous underground fighters, commanded by Gidi, who, with unbelievable heroism, liberated Tel Aviv when the fight against those gangs firing from Jaffa seemed hopeless. Gidi came to Menachem Begin and told him, "We will succeed," and they did. They liberated Tel Aviv and the center of the country from the threat of terrorism in the War of Independence.

I was delighted, as always, to visit Beit Gidi. The walls of the museum are covered in Israeli history. Among other exhibits, I looked at the Altalena flag, whose story moves me every time I hear it.

Etzel member Yiftah Stein boarded the ship off the shore at Kfar Vitkin. When Altalena was being shelled from Tel Aviv, he was one of the last people left on board. He then swam to shore and just before reaching the shore, he noticed that the flag was still flapping at full mast on the soon-to-be sunken ship.

It was Israel's blue and white flag, with the Etzel symbol stamped on it. He decided that the flag would not sink. Under a barrage of bullets, he swam back to the ship, unhooked the flag, tied it to his body and swam back to shore.

Yiftah survived, and so did the flag. This story and this flag embody a simple truth: The people on the ship of salvation, those who came from abroad and those who boarded her here, loved their country and their people. Not only were they not "traitors", but they were patriots of the highest order, whose commitment to the Zionist cause knew no bounds. This truth should be rooted once and for all in our national consciousness. I intend to say this to the government as well.

The dedication of the people of Altalena to their homeland was proven in a trial by fire. In this case, however, as the president said, it was not a trial by enemy fire, but by friendly fire – reckless, senseless, lethal and divisive.

I know the personal stories of many of the people of Altalena. All they wanted was to reach a safe haven and take part – as they did – in establishing our independence.

Some of them were engaged day and weeks in hiding massive amounts of ammunition inside the belly of the ship. They knew that it was vital, life-saving ammunition for the nascent State of Israel – ammunition that could be a game-changer on the various battlefronts. I have already said, I think last year, that had these weapons arrived, our entire country and its borders might have looked completely different in the first 19 years of its existence.

This double duty – to gather iron and to strengthen the iron wall that guarantees our security – continues to guide me at all times. We act in accordance with this decree. We are equipping the IDF with "iron", plenty of quality iron. Today, the iron is sophisticated – the best weapons and technology. We keep nurturing the iron wall. Our real iron wall is our fighters' determination to defend ourselves by ourselves against any enemy, against any threat.

Since yesterday, the IDF is responding forcefully to the firing from Gaza and is attacking dozens of terrorist targets. It is the strongest blow we've dealt them in years.

The ones responsible for the escalation, which is inspired by Iran, are Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the other terrorist organizations. I will not detail our plans because I do not want the enemy to know what's coming. One thing is clear to them: whenever they put us to the test, they immediately pay. And if they continue to put us to the test, they will pay an even heavier price.

I commend the fighters of the IDF and the security forces and I salute the residents of the South for their resilience.

My friends, some of the munitions on board Altalena were lost at the bottom of the sea, a sea soaked in the blood of the fallen.

Several weeks ago, when the State of Israel turned 70, I instructed the cabinet secretary to increase the efforts to locate the Altalena shipwreck. If it is here, we will find it.

Work has begun. If it succeeds, I intend to move the remains to the memorial that will be erected at Beit Gidi on the Tel-Aviv-Jaffa border.

Among the victims of Altalena was Avraham Stavsky. My father, Prof. Benzion Netanyahu, joined the effort to save him from a harsh punishment, after he had been wrongly accused of the Arlosoroff assassination. My father enlisted my grandfather, Rabbi Nathan Mileikowsky-Netanyahu, who, on his part, enlisted Rabbi Kook to fight, successfully, against this blood libel, which was also directed against Abba Ahimeir.

But the scars remain. When I was Israel's ambassador to the UN, I met many times with Bronka, Avraham Stavsky's widow, who never moved past her husband's false accusation and the terrible tragedy of losing him aboard the Altalena.

Among the other Altalena victims were young Holocaust survivors and passionate Zionist immigrants from Cuba. The pain over what happened evoked dormant fears that we would deteriorate to self-destruction, as we did in ancient times.

The seed of democracy that was just beginning to sprout was being blown away in a great wind. Etzel and Lehi exiles in Africa have spoken of their agony upon hearing the news that Altalena was shot at by Jewish cannons.

That fateful moment revealed Menachem Begin's greatness as a leader in all its glory. His greatness was reflected in the wisdom of restraint and moderation he demonstrated, which prevented a much greater disaster. His words, engraved on the side of the monument we established, were: A War Between Brothers – Never!

Begin understood that a violent internal battle would destroy us. The outside enemy was at the gate. By the way, it still is at the gate.

We have no shortage of enemies. They change their face from generation to generation, but we are still here because we have internalized the lessons of Altalena: our strength lies in our unity, our mutual responsibility, our respect for others, even if their opinions are different.

Just as others expect that of us, we expect that of others. At the same time, we are building our strength in all fields. Not only are we becoming stronger militarily, we are also becoming stronger economically, internationally and spiritually.

On its 70th anniversary, Israel is a rising global power. In many fields, world leaders are looking to us.

Next week I will travel to Germany, France and Britain. I will meet Chancellor Merkel, President Macron and Prime Minister May. I will present to them the recent strategic developments in our region, which are tied to the efforts to curb Iran's aggression in Syria and other places. We will not allow Iran to arm itself with nuclear weapons. We will continue to act against its intention to entrench itself militarily in Syria against us, not only near the Golan Heights, but anywhere in Syria.

Seventy years after Altalena, the flag that was salvaged is flying proudly. The people of Altalena dreamed of a strong, thriving Jewish state. They shouldered the burden for the greater good – in the underground organizations, in the ranks of the IDF, in building the country. They realized the dream.

Some of them are sitting here, as are their sons and grandsons, among them Maj. Gen. Yochanan Locker, whom I can refer to as an "Altalena guy." They worked together with real conviction and with boundless dedication and talent to safeguard the newborn State of Israel.

Eliahu Lankin, commander of Altalena, was a friend of the family. He was also a personal friend of mine. He used to say: "We look back in pain, but we look to the future with pride." We mourn the wounds of the past, but we continue in the path of the fallen for the future.

May the memories of the Altalena fallen be engraved in our hearts and in the hearts of the people of Israel forever.
