Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event70th050618

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, and French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte attended a gala event in honor of 70 years of the State of Israel and the opening of the Israel-France Cross-Cultural Season.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and French President Macron dedicated the opening of the event which depicts 70 years of Israeli innovation, at the Grand Palais in Paris. The exhibit features developments and technologies in medicine, security and cyber, and space research, among other fields.

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks:

"We are celebrating tonight 70 years of Israeli independence and 70 years of Israeli-French friendship. There is much to celebrate. There are great moments that decided the future of our peoples – one of them took place here. It took place over 100 years ago, close to 120 years ago, when Émile Zola wrote "J'accuse". He attacked anti-Semitism and he paved the way for Zionism because a young Jewish journalist, Theodor Herzl heard those words, understood what they meant and wrote the seminal track that changed Jewish history – he wrote the "Jewish State". The "Jewish State" is the most important work of Zionism and the rebirth of the Jewish people.

The second most important work is Émile Zola's " J'accuse" because it clarifies in moral terms why the attack on the Jews was unjust, just as Herzl said, why the creation of the Jewish state was a necessity. So we celebrate today 70 years of Israel's founding, of Israel's ingenuity and 70 years of this profound relationship between our two nations.

I mentioned anti-Semitism but it is one aspect of a different relationship altogether which is based on shared values. Why are our nations such great allies? And I suppose the answer might be summed up in three words – words with which you all are familiar: Liberte, egalite, fraternite! First, liberte. For Israel, that vision, the vision that has always guided us is the hope that has inspired us, the words that have always sung by our national anthem is to be a free people, a liberated people in our homeland. להיות עם חופשי בארצנוSo to establish Israel 70 years ago and to protect Israel every day since then, we have had to fight against forces of tyranny and terror who despise liberty. Like France, Israel believes in liberty. Like France, Israel cherishes liberty.

Like France, Israel is a proud democracy – proud of our record in preserving liberty in the heart of the Middle East. This is truly a remarkable achievement because in the 70 years there was not a single moment, a second even, in which Israel's democracy was put into question. We stand for liberté. We also stand for egalite. Like France, Israel values equality. Our people gave the world the most powerful statement of equality ever made – the Bible’s statement that all are created in the image of God, and that fundamental vision of equality guides our nation today. That’s why Israel is home to Arab Supreme Court Justices, Christian diplomats, Muslim police officers, Druze ministers, in fact, a Druze minister in my cabinet is right here – Ayoob Kara. Ayoob, stand up. You probably are standing up. There you are. Thank you. It is home to female fighter pilots, to gay members of Knesset. We draw on the passion and creativity of all our citizens regardless of gender or religion, or ethnicity or race. In Israel, we believe that all are equal under God and in Israel, and in the Middle East only in Israel - all are equal under the law.

And fraternite - Like France, Israel is a friendly nation that stands in solidarity with so many around the world. You see that solidarity when Israel sends medical aid to countries like Haiti and Nepal after devastating natural disasters. In fact, when I leave here tonight I'm going to speak to my friend, the President of Guatemala and offer whatever help we can help. Israelis go to various places around the world and offer light and hope.

So we see that solidarity also when we treat thousands of wounded Syrians who are the victims of a terrible war and a brutal regime. We see that solidarity in the life-saving technology we share with Indian farmers and African mothers who don't have to walk days, hours every day to get water because Israeli technology solved that problem. We see that solidarity also in the peaceful relations we have enjoyed for decades with two of our Arab neighbors, Egypt and Jordan – peace agreements that have stood the test of time. And as I told President Macron today, I believe that this broader peace will expand to the Arab countries and ultimately to our Palestinian neighbors.

So these cherished values - liberty, equality and fraternity - unite our two peoples and our two countries. But they have opponents – people who oppose these values try to strike us down. They strike us down not because they hate us for what we are but for what we believe. They believe everything opposite to liberte, egalite and fraternite. They want a different world – a dark world, to go back to the middle ages. In France, these people have targeted a supermarket, a satirical newspaper, a music concert. In Israel, they’ve targeted kindergartens, cafes and clubs. And these militant terrorists are united and we should be united against them. But I believe that we can win the war against terrorism by uniting around our common values. President Macron and I had the opportunity to speak about that today and I think that we have opportunities that will prove to be very valuable for our quest for peace and security in the Middle East and beyond.

We have celebrated much today. But one of the things that we know is that the fruits of freedom involve innovation. How does human progress happen? How does it happen? There are big disciplines, there are economists, they try to explain this in all sorts of numerical formulas. But I'll tell you how advances happen. They happen when some person has an idea that nobody thought about before. People lived in caves and somebody has an idea that you can go out and build a shelter. You don’t have to depend on caves.

History changes. They hunt animals and somebody has an idea that you can grow crops. You grow crops and somebody has an idea that you can actually store them and do other things that change – you burn, you can create fires, you can create engines, you can create a wheel. Somebody has that idea. And first it's unique and then it spreads and it becomes commonplace.

The history of progress is the history of amazing ideas. The history of progress is the history of innovation. That's always been true but it happens to be true now in ways that were unimaginable.

You are sitting here, some of you are old-timers like me. Do you remember the world before there was the internet? Do you remember the world before there were computers? You can't possibly remember. You are too young. But this was a different world and once this innovation took place our lives are changing. Mostly for the better.

There are vast possibilities that exist today and entirely new industries that are coming into being as a result of this. Innovation is the key to progress and the future belongs to those nations who innovate. Israel is the innovation nation. France is supremely gifted and is blessed with remarkable people of great talent and ingenuity. We can combine these two capabilities - there is much we can do alone but there is more we can do together.

The future belongs to those who innovate. France and Israel can be at the forefront of human progress. Not just for our own societies but also for the world. We can change the world. We are changing. Because of this technology Israel has today precision agriculture – we target fertilizers and water down to the individual plant with this new technology of drone and artificial intelligence and big data. We can have safer cars – cars that have autonomous systems that will drive down accidents.

We are literally driving the world. We can have better health. We can have preventive medicine, personalized medicine so the drugs that you take are fitted to you individually and expand your life. This is happening in Israel. I know that it's happening in France. One of the things that we are committed to do is to merge the two and to make a better future for all.

So we have two tasks – one, to protect our values against those who seek to destroy us and second, to seize the future. We believe in the future. We believe in the future because we remember our past. We have defeated all the odds of history. The Jewish people exist now for close to 4,000 years against impossible odds.

We say that in Hebrew, Emmanuel:

עם ישראל חי עם ישראל חי

And it lives with these eternal values, the values that you share and we share and we want to continue and expand our friendship and cooperation for the next 70 years but this begins obviously with reciprocity and the most important thing in reciprocity is that you and Brigitte come to Israel as our guests to celebrate this extraordinary year and this extraordinary friendship in Jerusalem. This year in Paris and this year in Jerusalem as well. Thank you my friend, thank you all for coming here and celebrating this wonderful alliance and this wonderful friendship."
