Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_putin270219

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Russian President Vladimir Putin are currently meeting at the Kremlin in Moscow.

Prime Minister Netanyahu invited Russian President Putin to be the guest of honor at the dedication ceremony for the memorial to those who fell during the siege of Leningrad; President Putin accepted the invitation.

Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the start of the meeting:

"First, I would like to congratulate you and the Russian people on Defender of the Fatherland Day. We will never forget the roles played by Russia and the Red Army in defeating the Nazis. Several days ago we decided to complete funding for the Museum of the Jewish Fighter in World War II. Approximately 500,000 Jews fought in the Red Army. Soon we will dedicate a memorial in Jerusalem to those who fell during the siege of Leningrad. Mr. President, I would like to invite you to be our guest of honor; no one is more deserving.

Mr. President, I have counted eleven meetings between us since September 2015. The direct link between us is a vital component in preventing risks and friction between our militaries and contributes to security and stability in the region.

The greatest threat to stability and security in the region comes from Iran and its proxies. We are determined to continue our vigorous action against the attempts by Iran, which calls for our destruction, including its attempts to entrench militarily in Syria.

I would like to discuss this with you but also our excellent bilateral relations, which are due to the over 1 million Russian-speakers who have contributed greatly to Israel, have become part of us and have brought the Russian culture as part of Israeli culture. Moreover, tourism is at an all-time peak; 400,000 Russians visit Israel every year and approximately 200,000 Israelis visit Moscow every year. I have the honor of contributing a little to this statistic. And of course I want to say all of the good things we have done together, such as the pensions agreement, 96% of which is being realized.

And indeed, in all of these areas, I would like to thank you for your friendship and the direct, open and genuine manner in which we maintain the links between Russia and Israel. Thank you Mr. President."
