Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start270119

On the aid mission to Brazil:

"Last night I spoke with my friend the President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro. I offered assistance in locating those missing in the dam collapse disaster that struck Brazil. An IDF mission with 130 Home Front command search and rescue, medical and fire-fighting personnel, as well as equipment, and including Foreign Ministry already left this morning. We are proud of them."

On International Holocaust Remembrance Day and Struggle against Anti-semitism Day:

"Today we mark International Holocaust Remembrance Day and Struggle against Anti-Semitism Day. We are honored with the presence of Moshe, Malka and Motka, Holocaust survivors that I just met before the meeting.

Moshe survived the death camps and the death march. Malka lost her five sisters in the crematoria and has a number burned onto her arm. Motka, whose brother fell at Latrun, interrupted an SS officer who whipped his back. The penalty for such an offense was immediate death, but he somehow survived. By this unbelievable act of heroism he served as an example to thousands. The story spread among thousands and he served as an example to thousands, and to us. The moving stories of the revival of Moshe, Malka and Motka are the story of our revival.

During the Holocaust, the Jewish people were completely helpless. Today the state of the Jews is among the strongest and most advanced in the world. First and foremost, we have restored to our people the strength to resist that we lost in exile. In contrast to the terrible helplessness of our people then, today we strike at those who seek our lives and hurt all those who try to hurt us. At the same time, we do not forget our dead, our enemies and our rescuers.

On Friday, unknown individuals smashed the memorial to the Jews of Thessalonica who perished in the Holocaust. I strongly condemn this and call on the international community to act against revived anti-semitism, especially in Europe.

Anti-semitism from the right is not a new phenomenon there. What is new in Europe is the combination of Islamic anti-semitism and the anti-semitism of the extreme left which includes anti-Zionism, such as has recently occurred in Great Britain and in Ireland. What a disgrace. We condemn all forms of anti-semitism as such.

At the same time, we honor the memory of the righteous among the nations. Today in Jerusalem a plaque was unveiled in memory of Japanese Consul [Chiune-Sempo] Sugihara who saved thousands of European Jews during the Holocaust. We bow our heads in his memory."

In response to the remarks of [Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan] Nasrallah:

"Nasrallah broke his silence yesterday. He is very embarrassed for three reasons: One, because of the great success of our Operation Northern Shield. He and his people put great effort into the surprise weapon of invasive tunnels, including their excavation, in contrast to what he said, in recent years and months. Within six weeks, we completely denied him this weapon.

Second, Nasrallah is in a predicament due to financial distress. The policy that we pushed of reimposing sanctions on Iran, which was clearly and sharply adopted by President Trump, is striking hard at the sources of financing for Iran and its proxies, especially Hezbollah.

Third, Nasrallah is in distress due to our determination.

Against Hezbollah stands the lethal striking force of the IDF. Believe me; Nasrallah has good reasons not to want to feel the might of our arm."

Achievements in tourism and the innovation index:

"The Tourism Minister will brief the cabinet today. We have great achievements in tourism: Last year over four million tourists visited Israel. This is a 43% increase over two years. This is a genuine revolution in the global tourism map and it has, of course, contributed greatly to the economy: NIS 22 billion in revenue and around 150,000 jobs. I congratulate Tourism Minister Yariv Levin for this important achievement.

Lastly, last week we were told that on the Bloomberg Innovation Index, Israel jumped to fifth place in the world. We overtook Sweden, Singapore, Japan and other countries. This reflects the great success of our economy and of our economic policy."
