Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start131119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the start of the Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: “We are continuing to strike Islamic Jihad after having targeted its senior commander in the Gaza Strip. He was responsible for most of the terrorist attacks originating in the Gaza Strip in the past year and he had been planning to carry out additional attacks in the days to come. I would like to again commend the IDF, ISA, IDF Intelligence, the Air Force and IDF Southern Command for the successful operation, which is creating a new standard for targeting murderers and terrorists in the world. I would also like to again praise the Iron Dome soldiers, who are also creating a new standard, because their action in successfully intercepting over 90% of these launches. This is exceptional work by our soldiers and commanders. I salute you. In the last 24 hours, we have destroyed important Islamic Jihad targets. We targeted terrorist cells that planned to launch rockets at the territory of the State of Israel, several of which were caught in the act. I said yesterday that we are not bent on escalation, but that we would respond to every attack against us, and respond very sharply. Islamic Jihad would do well to understand this right now, instead of when it will be too late. I believe that Islamic Jihad is starting to internalize this message. They understand that we will continue to strike them without mercy. They understand that Israel is very strong and that our will is very great. We are determined to fight to defend our country and if they think that these barrages or these strikes will weaken us or lessen our determination, they are mistaken. Therefore, they have but one choice – to stop these attacks or take more and more blows. The choice is theirs. Citizens of Israel, I reiterate that this could take time. IDF Home Front Command instructions must be followed carefully. I will also add that we see a very high likelihood that those who follow these instructions will not be hurt. When there are casualties, in almost all cases, they are people who did not listen to IDF Home Front Command. These instructions are simple and clear and I ask that you all follow them.

Together we will continue to do everything that needs to be done to defend the security of the State of Israel and its citizens. Together we will be victorious.”
