Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_meeting140219

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, in Warsaw, met with US Vice President Mike Pence.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"It's merely some 75 years ago but the Jewish people were absolutely defenseless. We were slaughtered by the millions here by the Nazis and their collaborators and we could do nothing. In this hour of despair, right here on this ground, young Jewish heroes with literally their last ounce of strength withstood against the thousands of Nazis troops. They said if we must die let us die as free men and women and let us save the honor of the Jewish people.

Little did they know that they were actually in many ways symbolizing the rebirth of the Jewish people, the rebirth of the Jewish state which was soon to come and the rebirth of the Jewish army that now protects the Jewish future.

When the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising took place no one came here to help us. Today we have built our own capacities to defend ourselves but we have a great friend and the greatest friend of all is the United States of America. There is no alliance like ours. There is no partnership like ours. These are not words. They don't just come from the logic of fact; they come from the wellspring of the heart.

There is a deep bound of sympathy and identification between the American people and the people of Israel and vice versa. We know that we have no better friend in the world than the United States of America. And we have I'm sure an equal knowledge on your part that you have no better friend and ally than Israel. I know that you know this. I know that President Trump knows this. We've appreciated his stalwart stance, his decision to move the embassy to Jerusalem, the support of your administration for Israel at the United Nations which has been stellar. This conference in which you have brought together some sixty foreign ministers and Arab foreign ministers with an Israeli prime minister for the first time to stand together against Iran in such clarity, such unity. I think that this is something that we deeply appreciate.

We have no better friends. We know it. And I want you to know that with your exceptional delegation, with whom we work closely, that we look forward to continuing to strengthen this already incredibly strong alliance. I want to thank you for everything that you have done and are doing and will do to strengthen the Jewish state."
