Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_statement310319

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks, at the joint statements with Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem: "This is not a speech, but words from the heart. Welcome under our roof, our friend, my brother Jair, Yair, a name that is familiar in our household. Welcome to the President of Brazil, to his delegation: The Foreign Minister, a faithful friend of Israel, and Senator Flavio Bolsonaro, a faithful friend of Israel. I am very moved, just as Sara and I were extraordinarily moved, together with our son Yair, when we were present at your inauguration as President of Brazil. We were there with your wife Michelle, with the family. We were moved by the electricity in the year. I think that you represent great hope for a new start in Brazil. This is abundantly clear from your decision to be here and from your being under our roof, which is an amazing new start in Brazil-Israel relations. Today we signed a series of important agreements. We have just come from a meeting of our ministers. We spoke very concretely about all fields, from cyber to aquaculture, from water to the highest technology, from the needs of peace to the needs of security, which are the same needs. Then we signed many agreements but the most important agreement is the agreement in the heart. We feel a partnership of values and of outlook in all areas, and above all we feel what Sara and I felt when we met the people in Brazil – great love, great admiration. This is the same support, admiration and love that Israel has for Brazil and for the new start that you bring. We are now in Jerusalem. I welcome your decision to open a trade, technology and innovation office, an official office of the Government of Brazil, in Jerusalem. I hope that this is a first step toward the opening in time of the Brazilian Embassy in Jerusalem. I would like to welcome you my friend and say to you and to the entire wonderful delegation that you brought – Welcome to Jerusalem the capital of Israel." Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara hosted Brazilian President Bolsonaro for dinner at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem.
