Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_mountidf080519

Distinguished guests, my brothers and sisters in the family of the bereavement, which has been my family since July 4, 1976.

A few weeks ago, time stopped in Israel. After 37 years, we succeeded in bringing home the remains of Zachary Baumel. Thousands attended the moving funeral, which was held here on this mountain. They embraced his family. Our wonderful people have proven once again that it does not forsake its sons, even decades after they fell. When I thanked President Putin in Moscow for helping to locate Zachary's remains, I told him and his top army officials that comradeship is a supreme value for us, and I could see their appreciation.

This is the deepest meaning of this sacred day—a day of deep sorrow, but also of strong comradeship. On this day, we all feel part of one family. On the one hand, there is grief. Like you, I am too familiar with it. It is very hard to describe to those who are not part of the circle of the bereavement, because the pain only increases and the longing never ceases.

Yesterday, in a moving ceremony called "Songs in Their Memory" in the Knesset, members of one of the bereaved families said, "The heart shatters to pieces. The sadness never goes away."

On the other hand, there is comradeship. The entire nation embraces the families of the fallen. Brothers-in-arms visit the widows and mothers of the friends they lost decades after they fell. And today, our nation embraces the families of 23,741 of our sons and daughters, Israel's fallen soldiers: Jews, Druze, Muslims, Christians, Bedouins and Circassians.

A year ago, Ronen Lubarsky, who was a fighter in the Duvdevan unit, fell during a military operation against terrorists. My wife and I visited his home. Ronen's parents, Vladimir and Elena, told the people who came to pay their respect, "We feel like we held a diamond in our hands. Every person who comes describes Ronen from a different angle." This vivid description captures the truth well: Our loved ones were like diamonds—human diamonds. Their personality shone from each facet: their love for their friends and family, their love for their people and country, their sense of mission and willingness to make sacrifices.

Some diamonds remain hidden. One of them was Lieutenant Colonel M who fell during a courageous nighttime operation in Gaza. M is an unknown hero who sacrificed his life in the ongoing battle against our enemies. After he fell, I learned that he also did very moving volunteer work. My wife and I visited his village. We met his wife, children, brothers and wonderful parents. What a noble family. What a commitment to our shared destiny.

Dear families, citizens of Israel, the events of the past days have clearly demonstrated what we are fighting against—the attempts of our enemies to destroy our country and uproot us from our land. Over the past 100 years, time and again our enemies tried to carry out their mission, but they failed. This morning, on my way here, I heard that Iran is planning to continue with its nuclear plan. We will not allow Iran to have nuclear weapons. We will continue to fight those who seek to harm us and we will plant our roots even deeper in our homeland. That is what our heroes did in the early years of our national revival and now we are following in their footsteps.

On the upper level of this grand hall, there is a memorial stone engraved with the words: Joseph Trumpeldor, 1920. During WWI, Trumpeldor was the senior Jewish commander of the Zion Mule Corps, the first Jewish fighting force since the time of Bar Kokhba. Establishing the battalion was a difficult task as the commanders of the British army did not believe that Jews could fight. However, when they met Trumpeldor, their opinion changed completely. Trumpeldor's British commander said that he was the bravest man he had ever met.

The Jewish battalions planted a seed in WWI that grew into the IDF decades later. Trumpeldor understood that our national revival depended on two principles: the return of the Jewish people to their land and our willingness to defend ourselves. He said, “I believe that the day will come and I, tired and exhausted from hard work, will gladly look upon my fields in my own country, and no one will tell me ‘Go from here, you contemptible person’, and if I fall in battle, I will be happy as I will know for what I fell. And when that man is found, and he will say as follows: by force and by sword I will arise and protect my fields, and my battles!" His words resonate down the decades.

In less than a year from now, we will mark 100 years since the battle of Tel Hai, where Trumpeldor and his comrades lost their lives trying to protect our northern border. In his eulogy at their funeral, Berl Katznelson said: "Our enemies should know this: You will not frighten us. This land was not given to us thanks to your benevolence and you will not take it from us through evil deception. You will not defeat us. With our heart's blood and in our faith's light, we will topple every wall. Topple it and move forward." These are also words that resonate down the decades. Over the past 100 years, these words have served as a compass for our path and a balm to our pain.

I send my wishes for a full recovery to the wounded and I commit to continuing to work to return our missing soldiers and captives, including Ron Arad, Hadar Goldin, Oron Shaul, Yehuda Katz, Tzvi Feldman, Avera Mengistu and Hisham al-Sayed, just as we brought the remains of Zachary Baume back for proper Jewish burial after 37 years and the remains of Air Force pilot Yakir Nave after 56 years. On Memorial Day we remember our losses, and on Independence Day we celebrate our achievements: 71 years of exceptional activity and tremendous creation. May the burden of grief that lies on our shoulders become lighter when our hearts are filled with pride over the wonder of our national revival, for which we are indebted to our loved ones. May the memory of the fallen—the nation's cherished ones—be a blessing.
