Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_darom131119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at IDF Southern Command headquarters, held security discussions with Defense Minister Naftali Bennett, IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Aviv Kochavi, ISA Director Nadav Argaman, NSC Director Meir Ben-Shabbat and senior defense establishment officials. Prime Minister Netanyahu following the discussion: “We have just finished a security consultation here at IDF Southern Command with the Defense Minister, the Chief-of-Staff, GOC intelligence and the NSA Director. We agreed on the future steps. There is a great achievement here for the State of Israel, which has further strengthened its deterrence. The arch-terrorists know that we can put them in the crosshairs and we will put in the crosshairs anyone who tries to attack us. Moreover, we are not bent on escalation but we will carry out all the necessary actions that we have agreed on in order to continue defending the State of Israel and its citizens.” Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the discussion: “There is a genuine change here in the equation because the terrorist leaders and the last of their militants now know that we can reach them in their hiding places with surgical precision and take action against them. This denies them the feeling that they can act against us, against our civilians, while hiding behind their civilians. This changes the equation because they can all be in the crosshairs. This is a very major change and it greatly strengthens Israel’s deterrence and its capabilities against the terrorists. We are in the midst of a campaign. We hope that it will be as short as possible. We are not bent on escalation but we will do whatever is necessary to restore the quiet and security to the residents of Israel, including the residents of the south. I think that we are on the right track. I would like to commend you, the Chief-of-Staff, GOC Southern Command, the ISA and IDF Intelligence. The commanders and soldiers are doing fantastic work.”
