Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_bible090519

Congratulations to Jonathan and Benjamin, congratulations to your parents. I'm always excited to be here. Last month, we also had an exciting experience. The spacecraft Genesis was within reach of the moon. A panel with an Israeli flag and the inscription, "Am Yisrael Chai" was attached to the spaceship. But it could go further. When they introduced me to the project, they told me what would be inscribed. My first question was, "What about the Bible?" They explained that there was a Bible on a hard disc. The spacecraft also carried a digital file of the Bible into space. It didn't go as successfully as we had hoped, the landing was not soft enough. But we're going to launch another spacecraft and we may very well bring a little Bible. I want a Bible to land on the moon because as it is written: "When I looked at your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and stars that you set in place…" The State of Israel is going to land on the moon.

Very few countries have orbited the moon and landed there. To date, only three superpowers have landed there, and we want to be the fourth country to do so. The other countries are a little larger than ours – the US, China, Russia. There is a very good chance that within two or three years, we will be the fourth.

So one has to ask, how do we do it? It is thanks to our initiative, determination, daring and spirit. That spirit comes from the Bible. This is not just lip service. The source of this spirit is the Bible, and the great journey we made to return to our country, to our homeland, would have been insignificant if we had not borne with us the faith, the heritage and the longing to return home. The Bible was written here, and it should be the legacy of each and every one of our children, our sons and our daughters. I believe this. I always ask if the Bible is taught in non-religious schools. It is still an important mission to instill the heritage and love of the Bible in all Israeli children. That's the reason why we do this event.

Many promises are described in the Bible, and we have realized them to a large degree. The ingathering of the exiles, the flowering of the wilderness, Israel's status among the nations – we have realized all of them by virtue of faith, the vision of the prophets of Israel and Jewish heritage. We also upheld the spirit of the Bible another way. We renewed the valor of our ancient people: of Joshua, Samson and David. This heroism, from Joshua through the Maccabees and even Bar Kochva, whose letters were found not far from the hidden Dead Seas Scrolls. This spirit was lost in exile, and we revived it through the heroes of modern Israel, the soldiers of the Israel Defense Forces who defend our state and protect our homeland.

This combination of love for the land, security and the Bible is a winning one. It gives us a hold on the land, as well as a yearning for the future, a readiness to defend ourselves, our future and our past.

This combination characterized my beloved father-in-law, the late Shmuel Ben-Artzi. Shmuel was a member of the underground. I think he was the only person who received medals from both the Irgun and the Haganah. He was a pioneer who worked in the orchards. He was a member of Kibbutz Mahanayim. Apart from his family and love of the land, the main thing that filled his life was the Bible, his love of the Bible. He researched the Bible, he studied the Bible, he taught the Bible, and he imparted his love of the Bible to generations of students in Israel, including our family.

Three of his sons were Bible Quiz winners, and our son Avner, Shmuel's grandson, also participated. He is here today. Nine years ago, my wife Sara and I were sitting where you parents are sitting now, and we were anxious because our son was competing. He came in second. I know how wonderful it feels for the parents to see their sons and daughters on stage and how excited people are when they see your excellence. Everyone on this stage is a champion and outstanding.

The Bible is close to my heart. I truly believe that it is vital to our future, and therefore we also launched a Bible Quiz for adults. I also hold a Bible study session at the Prime Minister's Residence in memory of my father-in-law, Shmuel Ben Artzi. Shmuel was at the very first Bible study session established by David Ben-Gurion, who shared this view. We meet every few months. It's moving and genuine. Whenever I read the Bible, not only during Bible study but during the weekly Torah portion when we read the Haftarah, I always find things that afford us tremendous spiritual power. The interesting part is that it's always relevant. It's truly relevant to our present and our future.

So I am happy to see all of you here, from Israel and from around the world. From one Benjamin to another, and to all those who came from abroad I would like to draw your attention to one verse, "I will plant them in this land truly, with my whole heart and being". And so I say to all of you, come home to Israel. Come with your families to stay. Because there is nothing like home. Come home.

Congratulations to all the participants. I wholeheartedly congratulate the winners. Congratulations and happy Independence Day to all the citizens of Israel.
