Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_baumel030419

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, made the following remarks on the return of the remains of Sgt. First Class Zachary Baumel who was among the MIAs from the June 1982 battle at Sultan Yacoub in Lebanon: "Citizens of Israel, this is one of the most moving moments in all my years as Prime Minister of Israel. A few days ago, the remains of the body of IDF soldier Sgt. First Class Zachary Baumel were brought to Israel. Zachary fell in the battle at Sultan Yacoub during Operation Peace for Galilee; he was considered missing for 37 years. During all of these years, the State of Israel invested vast efforts in solving the riddle of his fate and those of his two comrades from that battle, Zvi Feldman and Yehuda Katz. Zachary's bones which were brought to Israel were positively identified. With them were also found his tank jump-suit and his tzitzit. Soon Zachary will be brought to his eternal resting place with a Jewish burial. I remember Zachary's father Yonah. I remember well his pain when he spoke about his son, about his yearning, about his longing. He traveled the world in order to locate any piece of information about his missing son. Many times Yonah told me with tears in his eyes that he had one prayer – to find Zachary before he himself passed away. To our sorrow, Yonah passed away about a decade ago and is not with us today at this wrenching moment. A short time ago we informed Zachary's family, his mother, his brothers and his sister that we had brought him back home. They and the entire people of Israel will escort Zachary to his eternal resting place, his final rest in the soil of the land of Israel. Zachary immigrated to Israel from the United States. He learned at a yeshiva for IDF soldiers and joined the Armored Corps. He was infused with fervent Zionism, an abiding flame, an endless flame that led him to the land, to the IDF and to the battle in which he fell. In his last words to his parents which he wrote on a postcard before the battle at Sultan Yacoub, Zachary wrote 'Don't worry, everything is okay but it looks like I won't be home for a while.' It took the State of Israel 37 years to bring him back home. The operation to bring Zachary Baumel back to Israel is a supreme expression of the mutual guarantee and the soldierly' brotherhood that characterizes us as a people, an army and a state. It is the redemption of a moral debt to the fallen IDF soldiers and to their families. I promise that we will continue to invest every effort in order to also bring back home our other missing and fallen, including Zachary's comrades – Zvi Feldman and Yehuda Katz, [as well as] Eli Cohen, Ron Arad, Oron Shaul, Hadar Goldin and other missing. We will not cease from this sacred mission. I would like to thank the entire intelligence community – the Mossad, ISA, IDF Intelligence and the IDF for their work in bringing Zachary Baumel back to Israel. This effort entailed wide-ranging diplomatic activity that will yet be told of. Citizens of Israel, the bringing of a fallen IDF soldier to a Jewish burial is always a wound in heart of the family and of the people but in this case, the pain of bereavement is accompanied by the removal of doubt. Today we remove the uncertainty that surrounded Zachary's fate. Today we close the circle. The prophet Zechariah wrote (1:17): 'And the LORD shall yet comfort Zion and shall yet choose Jerusalem'. From here, from Jerusalem, may the memory of Zachary Baumel be blessed forever."
