Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start130119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

"Today we take our leave from IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Gadi Eisenkot. Gadi, on Tuesday you will complete 40 years of dedicated service in the IDF, four of them as Chief-of-Staff. During this time we worked together against varied threats in order to build up Israel's security.

In achieving these goals, the IDF – under your command – worked with exceptional cooperation with all of the security arms – the ISA, Mossad, Israel Police and other bodies.

We worked with impressive success to block Iran's military entrenchment in Syria. In this framework, the IDF attacked Iranian and Hezbollah targets hundreds of times.

We worked together against the manufacture of precision weapons in Lebanon. We worked to dismantle Hezbollah's tunnels weapon in Lebanon, in Operation Northern Shield. We took action against Hamas tunnels on the Gaza border. We thwarted hundreds of terrorist attacks in Judea and Samaria and we carried out very many other actions, open and covert. The IDF has major achievements under your command. We yet have much work to do and we will do it.

Just in the last 36 hours the air force attacked Iranian warehouses with Iranian weapons at the international airport in Damascus. The accumulation of recent attacks proves that we are determined more than ever to take action against Iran in Syria, just as we promised.

Overnight, the air force also attacked on the southern front against Hamas targets in Gaza and this morning we announced the exposure of an additional tunnel, a main tunnel, perhaps the most important, that crossed the border into our territory<https://twitter.com/IDF/status/1084348509065830401>. We are thus approaching the completion of the goal we set at the outset of Operation Northern Shield – the eradication of Hezbollah's tunnels weapon.

Gadi, this is a worthy conclusion to your term as the 21st Chief-of-Staff. On behalf of the people and the nation, I would like to thank you for your dedicated service to the people and the state. I will have more to add at the farewell ceremony, but at this stage I will suffice with two words: Thanks Gadi."
