Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start060119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

"This evening I will meet with US National Security Adviser John Bolton. I will discuss with him the efforts to block the Iranian aggression in our region, the situation in Syria in continuation of both President Trump's decision and the conversation I had with President Putin last Friday, and the deepening of intelligence and operational cooperation between Israel and the US, which is becoming closer all the time.

Our position is clear. We will continue to act against the Iranian military entrenchment in Syria, including at present, and we will act against any element that undermines, or attempts to undermine, the security of Israel.

Last week I returned from a historic visit to Brazil. We have a new ally and President Bolsonaro, who is now leading a huge country, intends to make it an even stronger power by economic and other reforms.

His main reform in foreign relations, first of all, has to do with us. Here are things that he just said, after the visit, regarding relations with Israel. He said: 'It is the Government and People of Israel who will decide what is the capital of Israel, period. Imagine that we did not have commercial and diplomatic relations with Israel today, where would I put our embassy, in Tel Aviv or in Jerusalem? I would put it in Jerusalem. Like the Prime Minister of Israel said – this decision has already been made. Now we are only talking about the timing.' Afterwards he added: 'I want to be more than a friend of Prime Minister Netanyahu, I want to be his brother. I believe that other countries will respect Brazil more when it recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.'

We have a new ally here and whoever needs additional proof of Israel's rising status in the world simply needs to look at what is happening in Brazil. They love us and admire Israel. I mean not only the President, who is very impressive, and different from the public and media image that they are creating for him. One needs to understand that the Brazilian people, the masses in Brazil, admire Israel and want to be close to us. Therefore, we have opened a very large market here and there is much more work that needs to be done. We will discuss joint delegations with them and we will open this huge market to Israeli companies, which will increase our national revenues.

Israeli exports broke a record in 2018 and they are expected to reach $110 billion. This is an 8% increase over 2017, an immense increase. This is the result of the strategy that I have discussed many times. It is a strategy of opening new markets – and we have opened them. The export of goods to China has risen by 56%. The export of goods and services to Japan has risen by 50%. Exports to India and Latin America have risen by 27%. These are all new markets that we are opening. This has increased exports and the GNP, brings money into state coffers, creates jobs and raises Israeli citizens' wages. This is very important news and a very great change. Israel is becoming a rising global force.

I have additional good news this morning. We are meeting today for the fourth time to deal with the phenomenon of violence against women. I said, one month ago, that we would deal with this issue quickly and in full seriousness, and this is what we are doing.

Today, we in the Cabinet will approve a decision that focuses on dealing with the assailants. Until today the assailants have not been dealt with. We are starting to focus on them and not the victims, just as we are doing in dealing with terrorism: First of all, we deal with the terrorists. We are also dealing with the victims, but first of all we must deal with the attacking side as well.

We will approve a plan to defeat the phenomena in the Arab sector in which the rate of violence is especially high. We will allocate NIS 50 million to these decisions. We have already allocated some and we will add to it. The money will come from the Ministry of Labor, Social Affairs and Social Services and other ministries. These are very important changes in ways to deal with the phenomenon and this is only the beginning.

We have more cheerful news this morning. My friend, the Deputy Health Minister, my energetic deputy, Yaakov Litzman, worked to enlarge the medicines basket by an additional NIS 500 million. This includes a two-year supplement for dental care. It expands dental care for Israeli children, Israel's young people, up to 18. This is a welcome and very important change. The future treatment will yet save the State of Israel a lot of money."
