Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_mounthatred080519

This week, our hearts are filled with profound sorrow as four new names have been added to the long list of victims of terrorism. The rocket attacks from Gaza cut short the lives of Moshe Agadi, Pinchas Menachem Prezuazman, Ziad Alhamamda and Moshe Feder.

We send our heartfelt condolences to their families. Iris Eden, Moshe Feder’s partner, embodies the painful meaning of this day—the memorial day honoring Israel’s fallen soldiers and those killed in terrorist attacks. Twenty-two years ago, she lost her husband, Lieutenant Yashish Eden, in a tragic helicopter accident. Now she has experienced another tragedy, distressing and painful, and we all share in her heavy grief.

The IDF struck decisively against the terrorist groups in Gaza. I have previously said and I reiterate here, the campaign is not over. We are weighing our steps with due consideration and firm, consistent and methodical commitment in order to safeguard Israel’s security.

Dear families,

This year, heartless and deplorable murderers took other remarkable people from us: Ziv Hajbi and Kim Levengrond, Yotam Ovadia and Ari Fuld, Ori Ansbacher and Ahiad Ettinger. Let us not forget the baby who was removed from his mother’s womb and survived three days, Amiad Israel.

I know that the feeling of loss and longing for your loved ones tears large furrows in your souls. I know that the pain is unbearable. I usually see family pictures of your loved ones taken before the tragedy—at celebrations, on trips—and we see them smiling and happy, men and women, teenagers, sometimes even children, and we see how much they loved their families and friends, with a pureness of spirit, a willingness to volunteer and a desire to spread light to many people. What a vast moral chasm there is between us and the despicable murderers, steeped in incitement. We want to build; they want to destroy. They want to destroy with such murderous malice that they are prepared to lose their own livelihoods or sabotage the coexistence that affords their people livelihoods, as happened with the horrifying attack at the Barkan industrial area.

But this goes beyond the act of murder. We grieve; they turn terrorists into heroes. They name streets and squares after these murderers. I say again, their method, murders committed by terrorists, teaches us their purpose, their true goal. If it were up to them, they would eradicate us all. Whoever kills innocent civilians, children, babies, indiscriminately and deliberately, is not fighting for human rights or for freedom and liberty—they aspire after destruction and tyranny. And you know this well, because when these terrorists finally become part of the regime, are the people free? Do they enjoy human rights? Time and again, they create dark, tyrannical regimes that repress their peoples with the same cruelty as there is in Iran, the Daesh state, Gaza, or other places.

And just as these terrorists want to impose their reign of fear domestically, they want to leave their mark globally, against free societies and other religions. Because this murderous terrorism was not met with unified opposition from the international community, it has become a global plague. It has struck in Sri Lanka, New Zealand, France, Pittsburg and San Diego. It is long past the time that the civilized world work together to fight this barbaric fanaticism. In Israel, we understand this very well. We have been fighting terrorism for 100 years. It has not broken our spirits, it has not prevented our independence or the building of our country. We will continue to strengthen Israel. We will continue to build and settle our land.

Dear families of the victims, my wife and I are always amazed at your singular spirits,. When we meet with you, speak with you, even during the moments of your greatest pain, you tell us, “They will not defeat us. Our life force and will are stronger than their savagery.” As we sit together, surrounding us are family members, close friends and others—so many others—who are here to strengthen and encourage you. It is mutual responsibility at its finest. This is the power of our people, which has overcome an infinite number of haters and enemies throughout our history. In thy blood, live!

Last night in the Knesset, I attended a very moving event, “Songs in their Memory.” Every Israeli should see this ceremony, and I hope it will be broadcast on every channel starting next year. Last night, at this heartrending event, Shira and Amichai Ish-Ran took the stage. Five months have passed since they were shot by a terrorist at the Ofra Junction. The injury Shira sustained ended her advanced pregnancy. Her baby was born in critical condition and did not survive. During his three days of life, Shira and Amichai named him Amiad Israel, to say that the people of Israel will live forever. Last night, they said—and we all cried—“You can physically harm us, but our togetherness gives us the strength and hope to continue living. We will never break.”

Dear families, when the pain of your loss becomes unbearable, I ask you to remember that the entire nation is reaching out to you, the entire nation embraces you. We are all with you in shared destiny, as one person, one heart. On behalf of the victims of terrorism, our beloved, we will continue moving forward in strength and faith. May their memories be forever blessed.
