Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start271019

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: “First, I would like to wish all students a successful academic year. This includes my son Avner, who is beginning to study archaeology in Jerusalem. Despite my attempts to channel him toward being a Bible scholar, he decided – at least at this stage – to start on this track. I wish all students to go on their tracks and expand their knowledge, for both themselves and our country, and for humanity. I received from my soldiers, Bibi Team, several books. I have started reading Barbara Tuchman’s The Proud Tower. It describes England in 1897, Queen Victoria’s 60th year, a great parade in London. England ruled one-quarter of the world, the largest empire in human history. Riders from dozens of countries in this empire participated in the parade. Everything crumbled a few decades later. There are many reasons, but one reason is clear, they relied on the successes of the past, and from the position of the greatest empire in the world, they declined and declined and, of course, were hit very hard. We see what is happening in the Middle East. The Middle East is again in upheaval. Lebanon, Iraq and Syria are in turmoil and Iran is running amok through these areas. We know that the force that has served us up until now must continue to strengthen in the face of all these phenomena. This requires tough decisions. What the Chief-of-Staff and I have said is not spin; it reflects the reality of present challenges and those of the near future. We must make tough decisions that require a government with broad shoulders, hence the importance of forming a broad national unity government. This is not a political question, but a national and security question of the highest order. I hope that we can advance this goal in the coming days. This was my goal immediately after the elections and it remains our goal. This is what the State of Israel needs now. It needs several more things and it is receiving them, for example the opening of a Ukrainian office in Jerusalem. We have heard much about Ukraine recently. This is one improvement. There is also a second advance in the field of science.”
