Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_funeral040419

[Translation]

Today we remember the late Yona, we remember his love for Zachary, Zach, as he would call him. His pain, his longing, his faith, his tireless devotion until his very last day to bring Zachary home. It filled his life, his days, his nights. It became his life's purpose. How unfortunate it is that you are not here with us, Yona, to see the return of your beloved son.

Zachary, we are here with your family, your mother Miriam, your brother Shimon, your sister Asna, generations of the Baumel family and representatives of our entire nation, His Excellency President Reuven Rivlin, Speaker of the Knesset Yuli Edelstein, Supreme Court Justice Neal Hendel, government ministers, Members of Knesset, Chief of Staff Aviv Kochavi, IDF commanders in the past and present and combat soldiers who fought in the terrible and harsh Battle of Sultan Yacoub.

Distinguished guests, I just met with President Putin and thanked him warmly on behalf of the citizens of Israel and the family for his assistance in locating and returning Sergeant Zachary Baumel to Israel. Bringing home our missing loved ones, and the missing soldiers from Sultan Yacoub amongst them, is a sacred task that all the governments of Israel, without exception, have regarded as a supreme mission. To this end, each in turn has worked relentlessly since the Battle of Sultan Yacoub 37 years ago.

Two years ago, I met with President Putin and asked him to help us bring our sons home. He agreed immediately and said he would personally intervene. He instructed his people, who made prolonged efforts to achieve this goal. Personally I oversaw this effort, as did our forces, commanders and security and intelligence envoys who maintained constant contact with the Russian army. Some of them were with me now in Moscow, and we were all touched by the memorial ceremony at the Ministry of Defense in Moscow with Zachary's personal belongings next to us. Russian soldiers carried a picture of Zachary, and a coffin draped in an Israeli flag held the items.

The past turbulent day has left many of Israel's citizens feeling very emotional. I too was deeply affected by the news that Zachary was with us again, that his remains had been identified and that we could pay him our final respects. We had waited 37 years for this moment.

I saw people shed a tear, even though they were born many years after Zachary went missing. I was told about people who took out old dog tags from their drawers with Zachary's name etched on them, alongside the names of other missing persons. They wore this dog tag in their youth, in schools and in youth movements.

The return of our children to their home touches the deepest chords of our identity as Jews and as Israelis. One of the foundations of our existence is that all of Israel are responsible for one another. Deep friendship is one of the values at the heart of the covenant that binds us together; as a people, as an army and as a state. In the name of these values, in the name of love for the people and the land, Zachary went off to the 1982 Lebanon War. The Battle of Sultan Yacoub was a harsh and brutal battle. He fought in it as a student in a hesder yeshiva and a combat soldier in the armored corps. He was a man of the book and a man of the sword. His tank overalls and his tzizit, which were both found near his remains, are evidence of this.

Zachary's parents, Yona and Miriam, did not lose hope. But even though Yona is not here, his spirit is here with us. And Miriam, you are an exemplary symbol of a mother's devotion. To you both, primarily we are paying our moral debt.

Last night, in an emotional moment, I met with Zachary's brother Shimon and sister Asna in my office. I saw the sorrow in their eyes, and at the same time I could feel their immense relief that the uncertainty had been lifted. They said the Shehecheyanu prayer [the Jewish prayer commemorating special occasions]. I told them that the lives of bereaved families are divided into two: before and after. But I immediately added that in this case, life is divided into three: before, during, with the many years of hope and after. The heart aches, for nothing causes more anguish than the pain of bereavement. And now, finally, the wound can begin to heal.

The two friends of Zachary who fell in Sultan Yacoub, Zvi Feldman and Yehuda Katz, are not yet with us. We will continue to make every effort to bring them home, and we will do the same with regard to all our missing and fallen soldiers and other citizens being held. It is an ongoing obligation.

Distinguished guests, including Mayor of Jerusalem Moshe Lion, today, we inter the son of Jerusalem, Zachary Baumel, in the soil of Jerusalem. At the onset of spring, the month of Nisan, his soul can find rest in the Land of Israel. The unity of the nation blankets his grave. We must always remember, even when we argue and disagree, which is part of life in a free and democratic country, even then, the inner thread that unites us in times of good and bad, is the strongest of all!

In the spirit of the words of the prophet Zechariah, "Love truth and peace," I say to our dear brother Zachary Baumel, welcome home. May your memory forever be cherished in the hearts of the people of Israel.
