Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_meeting310319

Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met privately with Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, and afterwards held an expanded meeting with the participation of ministers from both countries. Prime Minister Netanyahu: “My President, my friend Jair Bolsonaro. Yair in Hebrew. It is a great pleasure for me, and on behalf of my government colleagues, to welcome you and your delegation here in Jerusalem. We are at the dawn of a great era in relations between us – Brazil, which is one of the largest major powers in the world, and Israel, which is an ancient country, but a new major technology power. We will always remember the role played by Brazil and its representative, Osvaldo Aranha, who was the President of the UN General Assembly, in the UN partition decision. We are pleased that after years of relations that were a little hesitant, you have decided – we decided together – to open a new era of partnership and cooperation in all areas. Since my visit, the first by a Prime Minister of Israel to Brazil, we have sent a series of experts, of Israeli delegations to Brazil in various fields, and we are due to sign a series of agreements in wake of these contacts, and this is only the beginning. I want you to know that you have here a people that love Brazil, and a country that wants very close cooperation with Brazil under your leadership. Thank you very much and welcome to Jerusalem." Prime Minister Netanyahu and Brazilian President Bolsonaro participated in the signing ceremony for a series of bilateral agreements in security, public security, aviation, and science and technology, and for MOUs in health and cyber. Also participating in the meeting, for the Israeli side, were Acting Foreign Minister and Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz, Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, Science and Technology Minister Ofir Akunis, Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz, Deputy Health Minister Yaakov Litzman, Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely, National Cyber Directorate Head Yigal Unna and other representatives. Also participating in the meeting, for the Brazilian side, were Foreign Minister Ernesto Araujo, Mines and Energy Minister Albuquerque Junior, Science, Technology, Innovation and Communications Minister Marcos Pontes, Institutional Security Office head Augusto Heleno and other representatives. Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife Sara will, later this evening, host Brazilian President Bolsonaro for dinner at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem. The leaders will issue statements to the media.
