Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_kiev180819

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at Ben-Gurion international Airport, upon leaving for Kiev, made the following remarks: "I am now leaving on an important visit to Ukraine at the invitation of the new president, Volodymyr Zelensky. We have hundreds of thousands of Israeli citizens from Ukraine who constitute a living bridge between the two countries, and the link between us is tightening. The president and I will discuss the establishment of a free trade zone and a pensions agreement, as well as a series of other issues that will further strengthen the excellent connection between the two countries. I would like commend the IDF for its action yesterday in eliminating five terrorists on Gazan territory. My mission is to maintain security and quiet, and we are taking all requisite actions. I have heard talk to the effect that I have refrained from embarking on a wide-ranging operation based on electoral considerations. This is incorrect. Whoever knows me knows that my considerations are substantive and genuine, and that I act in full cooperation with the security forces, vigorously and sagaciously. If it proves necessary, we will embark on a wide-ranging campaign regardless of the elections. With or without the elections, we will do what is necessary for the security of Israel." "We are taking all necessary actions. The other side feels the might of our arm very well." In response to a question regarding the two US Congresswomen: "We respect all members of Congress. Our directive is to facilitate, on a regular and automatic basis, the entry of all members of Congress, Democratic and Republican. Just one week ago, I met with dozens of Democratic members of Congress. Ambassador Dermer enunciated this precise policy. There is only one exception and it is the BDS law that obligates us to evaluate the entry of people who support BDS. When Ambassador Dermer spoke, there was no specific request regarding these visits; neither was there an itinerary or a specific travel plan. As soon as these arrived, we checked it and reached the decision that we did. This was a principled, not a partisan, decision. We respect all political parties in the US equally; however, we also respect ourselves. Whoever comes to impose boycotts on us and to deny the legitimacy of the State of Israel, we will not allow them entry."
