Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_new270119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with New Zealand Defense Minister Ron Mark.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We have very friendly relations with New Zealand. We’d like to make them even friendlier on all matters – economy, security and diplomacy."

New Zealand Defense Minister Mark:

"I was here in 1982, so it’s been a good return. I understand the degree of pessimism and skepticism that are, were present at that time when Menachem Begin and Jimmy Carter and Anwar Sadat and look where we are 37 years on."

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"President a-Sisi just said that the relations between Israel and Egypt have never been as strong as they are now.

My son has been visiting New Zealand. I talked to him last night. He says it’s a beautiful country. My wife was there with him and when she came back she said it’s just gloriously beautiful.

I’m sure you know, this is International Holocaust Remembrance Day, and I think it’s important to appreciate the position of the Jewish people. At the time of the Holocaust, we were absolutely defenseless, unable to protect ourselves, and obviously we have now an advanced, powerful country that builds our future, but also defends our security.

The main attack against the Jewish people today is the attacks against the Jewish state and the attempt to delegitimize the very right of the Jewish people for a state of their own. This is called anti-Zionism. So the new form of antisemitism is anti-Zionism, and we ask not only all our friends, but all decent countries everywhere to include antisemitism, the definition of antisemitism, anti-Zionism as well. And so I’ve just made that request from you as well."

New Zealand Defense Minister Mark:

"I think you know from our commitment going back as far as 1954, New Zealand has been here, playing a role, helping to contribute to peace and stability and that’s through the United Nations, and then again in 1982 with the MFO, and we’re still here so long as you want."
