Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_intel300119

Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with Intel Israel CEO Yaniv Garty, pursuant to Intel's decision to invest NIS 40 billion in building a new plant in Kiryat Gat.

Prime Minister Netanyahu commended Intel Israel CEO Garty on global Intel's decision to invest in Israel and said that the investment would lead to growth in the Israeli economy and would make an important contribution to the economy and society.

Intel Kiryat Gat production plant general manager Daniel Benatar presented a video showing plant workers excited to hear the announcement of the decision.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Intel is one of the world's leading technological companies. Israel has become a global technological power. I am certain that when they established Intel they knew that these songs would be sung in Hebrew in Kiryat Gat, at the plant that will be built, which is among the most advanced of its kind in the world. It is not just research and development – it is manufacturing and exports; this is a vast change.

What moves me the most is not only the addition of 1,000 workers, and the link to thousands more, who will find work in the State of Israel, of course in the Kiryat Gat area, it is the special plan to absorb young people from distressed areas and introduce them to the world of tomorrow. This is extraordinarily moving. This is the Israel that is a global technological power; it is also the Israel that is a socio-economic power. It is simply changing the country.

I am proud that the government has led this policy. I am proud that you discern Israel's great advantages and I am proud that you are leading a truly exceptional move, inside the State of Israel, to lead it together. Well done."

Intel Kiryat Gat production plant General Manager Benatar:

"Mr. Prime Minister, I wanted to thank you personally for the government's support of the new project and for the presentation of the employment plan that we will be presenting soon. This is very exciting for us. We have a saying at the plant: 'Together we are making history in the country."
