Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_brazil310319

Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife Sara, at Ben-Gurion International Airport, with an honor guard, welcomed Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro to Israel. Prime Minister Netanyahu: “President of Brazil, my good friend, Jair Messias Bolsonaro, welcome to Israel. I visited you together with my wife and son Yair three months ago. I was impressed by your deep faith, and that of your wife and son, in our common heritage. I was impressed by your dedication to the Brazilian people and I was impressed by your strong desire to strengthen ties between Israel and Brazil. My friend Mr. President, we are making history together. When you took up office last January, we opened a new era in Brazil-Israel relations. I was at the moving ceremony in which you were sworn in as president and here, after a mere three months, on your first visit outside South America, you have come to Israel in order to bring relations between us to a new height. You have come with an honorable delegation of ministers, MPs and business people. This is the largest Brazilian delegation that has ever come to Israel and in the coming days we will sign many agreements between us. We will visit the Western Wall together, in Jerusalem our eternal capital; we will visit the innovative exhibits, spectacular innovation by pioneering Israeli entrepreneurs. On my visit to Brazil, I went out a little. I went to the Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro. I went around with Brazilian people and was extraordinarily impressed by the admiration, and love of the Brazilian people for Israel, there is no other way to describe it. I am certain that just as I saw the great admiration for Israel and me in Brazil, you will meet the great admiration for Brazil and for you here in Israel. Brazil is a huge country with huge potential. I believe that under your leadership, this potential will be realized, not just for Brazil, but also for Israel-Brazil relations in trade, investments, technology, agriculture, energy, tourism, in every field. Mr. President, you have come to Israel at a tense time. I have ordered that IDF forces remain fully deployed around the Gaza Strip. This includes tanks, artillery, ground forces and air forces. We are prepared for any scenario and – if need be – an extensive campaign. We will do what needs to be done for the security of Israel. If I mentioned security, Mr. President, we will also sign agreements in that field. We will sign many agreements but, my friend Jair, I want to reveal a family secret to you: In our family there was an interesting debate about an important question regarding Brazil: My youngest son, Avner, is also a Tanakh expert and also knowledgeable about football. I insist that Pele was the greatest football player of all time. My son Avner thinks Pele was a great player, but he has other candidates. We will also discuss this in the coming days, but on this issue as well I am certain that you and I will reach full agreement. Welcome to Israel my friend the president. Welcome to all the members of your honorable delegation. Welcome to the State of Israel.” Prime Minister Netanyahu will, later today, hold a private meeting with President Bolsonaro and will subsequently hold an expanded meeting with ministers from both countries. Afterwards, the Prime Minister and the Brazilian President will participate in the signing of a series of bilateral agreements in the areas of security, aviation, homeland security, science and technology, and will sign MOUs on cyber, health and water. Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife will host the Brazilian President for dinner at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem where the two will make statements to the media. Tomorrow Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Bolsonaro will visit the Western Wall, and on Tuesday they will participate in the "Israel-Brazil Innovation Summit", an economic event between businesspeople and leading companies in Israel and Brazil. The leaders will then visit an innovation exhibition.
