Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start241119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: “Yesterday a police car was shot at in Deir al-Assad in the Galilee. The suspects have been arrested. We are not prepared to countenance attacks on the security forces. We will take all action and we will deal with the rioters to the fullest extent of the law. We will also continue to act to bring law and order to the citizens of Israel in Arab communities. They need it and the country needs it. Yesterday there was an attempted infiltration by a UAV from the Gaza Strip into the State of Israel. The UAV was successfully intercepted. I would like to inform you that the Security Cabinet has held several discussions on the UAV threat. This is a new, developing and significant threat. We are developing technological and other tools to defeat and counter this threat. I have assigned this mission to the Chairman of the National Security Council together with the various arms of the security agencies. I estimate that we are capable of achieving results here, as we did with the active defense of Iron Dome, and be the best in the world, in order to provide the citizens of Israel with maximum defense. Yesterday, the commander of US Central Command, which is responsible for US forces in the Middle East, General Kenneth F. McKenzie, said that Iran is planning another attack. This is true, additional attacks. However, Iran is not only attacking its neighbors and us, Iran is also attacking its citizens. In recent weeks, they have slaughtered hundreds of Iranian citizens. This is a tyrannical regime par excellence, the image and true face of which is now being exposed to the entire world. This is the largest terrorist regime in the world, regarding its own citizens as well. Therefore, I call on all countries around the world that want to achieve peace and stability in our region, and throughout the world in general, to join in the effort and apply more and more pressure on Iran, and, additionally, to support Israel as it takes action against this aggression. We have taken action and we will continue to do so.”
