Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_un030219

Prime Minister Netanyahu briefed a delegation of UN ambassadors who are visiting Israel, prior to their flight to a tour of the northern border.

"A great shift has taken place in the Middle East. That shift is the rise of the aggressive theocracy of Iran that seeks to conquer the Middle East, eliminate Israel and dominate many other parts of the world.

Iran has proxies. One of them is Hezbollah. Hezbollah just joined the government of Lebanon. That's a misnomer; they actually control the government of Lebanon. It means that Iran controls the government of Lebanon.

It's important to send this very powerful message just as we stop the terror tunnels coming into Israel, we will stop all the aggression; from Lebanon or from Syria or from Iran itself. We are committed to preventing this aggression, and in so doing we're not only protecting Israel itself, but also protecting our neighbors and world peace."

Israel is currently hosting a delegation of dozens of UN ambassadors from around the world for a five-day visit. The ambassadors have visited Jerusalem; later today they will visit on of Hezbollah's tunnels on the northern border.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"In the UN General Assembly this year alone there were 20 resolutions against Israel; six against the rest of the world which includes Syria, includes Iran and so on. So it's obviously absurd, but the important thing is not merely to see the truth, which you will in this visit, it is also to speak the truth, and may I say to vote the truth. We want to see you change your votes. For those of you who have already done it thank you. For those of you who will do it, thank you in advance.

We are faced with a great aggressive power in the Middle East. The Middle East has changed a lot. If you had come here several decades ago there would be an Arab-Israeli conflict. The Arab world, which is much bigger than Israel, aligned to destroy us. That is I have to say changing; changing in an important way into practical alliances that Israel has with many of the Arab countries and formal peace treaties that we have with two of our neighbors – Egypt and Jordan."

In response to a question from the Czech Ambassador to the UN regarding the increase in anti-Semitism and possible solutions in the PM's opinion:

"It's a very old disease antisemitism. It has been around for about 2,500 years as a doctrine. So I'm not sure it's going to disappear quickly. The main thing that we've learned first as the Jewish people is that if we don't resist anti-Semitism before it arms itself it can destroy our people. It almost did during the Holocaust. The second lesson that other nations have learned is that this hatred only starts with the Jews but it very quickly spreads to other parts of society and engulfs societies with hatred and fanaticism that endangers them as well. So fight antisemitism because it is right to do so and because it also endangers your societies. That's the lesson but it's a chronic disease. You have to keep on fighting it."

In response to a question from the South Sudanese Ambassador to the UN regarding the momentum in relations with African countries and the consultations with African leaders on the roadmap to peace:

"I appreciate the fact that we have this burgeoning relationship with the countries of Africa. In fact, I flew over South Sudan on my recent visit to Chad. We shaved about an hour and a half. And we would like to actually be able to approach Africa in the shortest possible distance because Africa is important. How do we know that it's important? How do you know what I say is true? Because I've been in Africa four times in the last two years. That has got to be telling you something. So yes we'll be happy to consult with our African friends. We'll be happy to fly there faster."

"Israel was a very controlled economy until a few years ago. I made it a special part of my agenda, a central pillar of my agenda, to introduce free markets into Israel. And the minute that we introduced freer markets, Israel began to rise and rise mightily. It is not enough to have technology. Technology without free markets doesn't get you very far. It's not enough to have education. Education without free markets doesn't get you very far. But the combination of free markets, technology and education gets you very, very far. That's essentially what we did with Israel. We liberalized the economy and allowed the initiative and genius of our people to break forth and it's happily doing that. By the way not only to our benefit, but the developments that we are having in agriculture, in water, in transportation and in IT, in health and in many other fields of human endeavor are helping literally millions and millions of people in Africa, in Latin America, in Asia, throughout the world."

"I think it's based on the idea of advancing prosperity and advancing it through innovation. Israel is perhaps the innovation nation in the world. If you don't innovate you'll fall behind and I think the leaders of the V4 understand that perfectly. It's based also on the quest for security against terrorism that unites everyone here and many others. Because terrorism is a disease that is spreading from the various forces of militant Islam attacking Muslims, attacking Arabs, attacking Europeans, attacking Latinos, attacking everyone. So everyone wants to have that extra measure of security and Israel is very, very advanced in combating terrorism, in using intelligence and other sophisticated means to fight terrorism.

We've prevented planes from being shot down from the sky. We've prevented maybe 40 major terrorist attacks in recent years in various continents. So I think that the quest on the one hand to have a better future, progress on the one side; and second to combat the forces that want to take the world back to a dark, medieval period, the forces of terrorism and fanaticism; that creates this basis for both regional cooperation and global cooperation on a vast scale. Israel is enjoying a diplomatic flourishing the likes of which we've never had. That's not reflected yet in the UN but it's reflected in the bilateral relations that Israel has with most of the countries around the world. Nearly everyone is coming. Nearly everyone is coming to Israel and that includes a lot of Muslim countries as well."
