Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_president170619

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Netanyahu’s remarks, at the state memorial ceremony for Presidents and Prime Ministers of Israel who have passed away, at the President’s Residence in Jerusalem: “I share your call, Mr. President, on the central nature and the importance of the court in our national lives, in our democracy. Of course, the court’s rulings are binding on us all. It must also be understood that the balance between the authorities is a foundation of modern democracy, or of ancient or modern democracy. I do not forget either the importance or the role of the court, even for a moment.” The Prime Minister also said: “We have dealt with bigger deficits; we will deal with the current one as well. This Sunday, Finance Minister Kahlon and I will submit to the government a vital supplement to the security budget of over NIS 1 billion. However, we bring it while reducing other sources. We maintain responsibility.” On the Iranian nuclear issue: “Israel stands at the forefront with the US, with moderate Arab countries and with other countries, in opposition to the Iranian aggression. Today Iran threatened to enrich uranium to higher levels beyond that which is permitted by the nuclear agreement. This does not surprise us because just as when we brought the secret nuclear archive from Teheran to Israel, we discovered the extent to which Iran has violated its promise to the international community – its promise to report truthfully on its nuclear program. Should Iran make good on its current threats, and violate the nuclear agreement, the international community will needs to immediately impose the sanctions regime that was agreed upon in advance, the ‘snapback sanctions’. In any case, Israel will not allow Iran to achieve nuclear weapons.” On the State of Israel’s relations with Arab countries: “Alongside the peace agreements with Egypt and Jordan, we are tightening – in an unprecedented manner – relations with additional countries in the Arab and Islamic world. These countries increasingly understand that Israel is not their enemy. On the contrary, Israel is a steadfast and stable ally that – with them – seeks to ensure the future of our region.”
