Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_condolences130819

Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife Sara, in Ofra, paid a condolence call on the family of Dvir Sorek. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We have just left the Sorek family, the family of Rabbi Herling, which is now bereaved of a grandson. Rabbi Herling's last family event was Dvir's circumcision. Two months afterwards, the grandfather was murdered. Dvir never knew Rabbi Herling and the family grew in the shadow of the grandfather, who was a Holocaust survivor and soldier; he fought until his last moment. They became an exemplary family. We saw the children, the love between them, the love of Israel and the love of man that is ingrained in them. And here, a terrible and shocking tragedy has struck. We saw this innocent youth, who was entirely pure, viciously murdered. Yesterday I was at the President's Residence with ISA fighters. They acted quickly along with the other security forces and found the murderers. What we saw here, in this house, is – first of all – the determination to take hold of our land without any reservation. This is also our determination to fight our enemies. We will find those who seek our lives, both here and on every front. We are determined to defend our homeland. These are not vain words – they are true words, until our enemies understand that we cannot be uprooted from anywhere in the Land of Israel, including from this place. We will continue to deepen our roots and to fight, to the extent that it proves necessary, and to my regret, it is necessary. I have also said that the Land of Israel is acquired through tribulations. One needs to see this family, its strength of spirit, to understand how great their spirit is, and that of our people; therefore, they will never defeat us." The Prime Minister added: "I told the family that Dvir's murder attests to the general murder that they would carry out of each one of us if they could. The reason that they do not do so is not because the incitement and the awful hatred is not welling up in them, it is simply because they cannot. We prevent them from doing this, or we find them. We will continue to fight them. I defined them as 'beasts' but I think that I have given offense to animals." Sara Netanyahu: "It is painful to see this cycle, after 19 years, and to know that the grandfather also fought and died a hero's death, in a murderous attack, and to know that it is relentless. Those who seek our lives are relentless. But we are here in our land defending ourselves. We are not in the death pits. Dvir's grandfather survived the Holocaust which befell our people and our families. Then we were slaughtered and murdered and were defenseless. Today we defend ourselves. Dvir was a soldier, he was just beginning, but he had a great poetic soul. The heart aches."
