Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start151219

"I would like to congratulate my friend, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, on a crushing election victory. It is also a crushing victory in the struggle against anti-semitism. I expect to continue working with Boris Jonson in the coming years in order to continue strengthening the excellent relations between Israel and Britain. They are manifest in vast mutual trade data, tourism and very many other areas. They are also substantial in security and counter-terrorism in hitherto unprecedented ways. I expect to continue. In recent days we have heard a senior Iranian Revolutionary Guard commander again threaten that Iran will destroy Tel Aviv from Lebanon. He thus reveals a simple truth: Hezbollah is simply Iran's arm in Lebanon against Israel. Even though Nasrallah immediately denied the senior Iranian commander's remarks, I would like to make it clear that if Nasrallah dares to attack Israel, the organization and the Lebanese state that enable aggression from its territory against us will pay a very heavy price. I completely condemn the murder of the young man in Kfar Kasem and the shooting at the home of the Mayor of Sakhnin. The struggle against crime in the Arab sector is a national mission. This is how I defined it to Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan when he took up office, and since then we have advanced together many plans in the government. The first thing we did was build seven police stations. For years no police stations had been built in Arab communities and we did it. Now we are in the process of building two more police stations. We are also preparing plans to defeat violence and crime in the Arab sector, which will be presented to the government. Today we are marking appreciation day for those who were wounded in Israel's wars and acts of terrorism. I initiated this day several years ago because Israel always, and rightly so, remembers the fallen, but we must also remember those who were wounded in war and who carry their wounds, both physically and mentally, all their lives. I thought then, and of course I still think today, that the State of Israel needs to express its appreciation in a separate way, and hence this special day. In a few days we will celebrate Chanukah, the holiday of heroism. Heroism is, first of all, heroism of the spirit, and the wounded and the fallen are our heroes. We will continue to do everything so that the wounded will not march alone. I salute our heroes. I would like to dedicate a few words to reviewing the housing situation in Israel. Israel's housing situation is not simple because we are one of the smallest countries in the world, but with a population that has grown faster than almost any population in the world, more than any other population in the western world and almost more than any other population in the Arab world. This is true regarding the welcome birthrate in the State of Israel of the Jewish public and the Arab public. Whoever thinks the Jewish birthrate is low should know that last year it surpassed the birthrate of the Arab public in Israel. Israel has a small territory and a population that is growing faster than almost any country in the world. Therefore, the almost automatic result is that the price of housing is increasing. The area is limited, preferred areas are limited and this is exactly what has happened to us for almost a decade. When Finance Minister Kahlon entered into office almost five years ago, he asked to take the housing issue under his leadership. We decided on a series of tools that would be at his disposal in order to carry out what was then seen as something impossible – to stop the increase in housing prices. This was always scorned and ridiculed and overlooked. Today I would like to display the result, before your extensive and detailed review. What happened here is a great achievement for our government, for you minister, and for the team that worked with you. A levelling off; there was a very steep increase in housing costs and three years ago there was a levelling off, which even if the media tried, it could not ignore. This is a great achievement for the government and for you, and I congratulate you." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "I regret that we are entering a third election campaign, unnecessary elections which have been forced on the country. But as you can see, the government is continuing to work energetically in all of the important areas of activity, with security first and foremost. I cannot go into detail here about the steps we decide on in the Security Cabinet from time to time, but you see their results. The activity of the government and the Security Cabinet is continuing on a proper basis and as per need until election day and I hope afterwards."
