Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_names020519

My beloved father-in-law, the late Shmuel Ben-Artzi, was saved because his love for the Land of Israel overpowered his love for his family. In 1933, as an 18-year-old yeshiva student, he decided to immigrate to Israel as the emissary of the Mussar Novardok Yeshiva, where he was a prodigy. That is why he was selected to go, to pave the way in the Holy Land. His father followed him from his birthplace in Biłgoraj, Poland, to the train station in Warsaw, gave him a tray of cookies and tried to convince him to stay so that he could continue enjoying those cookies. Nevertheless, Shmuel got on the train and came to the Land of Israel via Trieste.

He opened the yeshiva here. He was one of its founders. At the same time, he worked in the fields. He was a pioneer. Eventually, he became the only person in Israel who had been awarded medals from both the Irgun and the Hagana. That says a lot about who he was. He became a teacher and Biblical scholar, and he attended Ben-Gurion’s first Bible study class. Ben-Gurion invited him because of his tremendous knowledge. He was more than just a teacher; he was a great educator. He taught thousands of students.

The journalist Gadi Sukenik said of Shmuel, “He was a teacher; he was the teacher.” The cantor Dudu Fischer, who was a lonely religious child in Kiryat Tivon, said that Shmuel embraced him and encouraged him daily. He used to call him Dudinka. At memorial ceremonies for Shmuel, his students from 60 years ago come to pay tribute, and they all talk about his enormous influence on their lives, the light that shone from his eyes, his deep humanity, his endless knowledge, his ability to instill in them a love of the Bible and the land.

None of this, however, touches on the vast void in Shmuel’s life, who had gradually lost contact with his family, including his beloved twin sister Yehudit. He would send them the money he earned from working in the fields, and eventually there was nowhere to send it anymore. And Shmuel understood. He wrote poems, as he was also a poet and author. He received the Ka-Tzetnik prize for Holocaust literature. His poems are soul-crushing, but they also demonstrate his wisdom, beyond the wisdom of his heart. He wrote a poem at the beginning of the war, when things were hidden and no one really knew anything, but he knew. And he wrote the following poem about a dream he had:

“Last night I was in the village of my birth, In the landscape that is dear to my heart in its radiance, In the well of my childhood a reflection still shimmers, My father’s house still stands.

The chestnut trees are already stained red, This is the nature of Poland’s autumn. My brother and I lumber, as before, On the path to our sukkah, we carry branches for s'chach.

The wind chases a cloud through the sky; Tonight the rain won’t dare to come. We will arrive home in a moment. We will decorate the sukkah by hand as dictated in law.

We approached the house—Gentiles in our midst! I searched for a sukkah of peace in vain. My brother left me his burden—and is no more! All alone there I cried until the dream ended.”

Shmuel lost his brother, he lost his entire family. Of his extended family, which numbered around 80 people in Biłgoraj and Tarnogród, he was practically the only survivor. I will now read the names of his nuclear family: his father Moshe Haan, Moshe’s wife Itta Haan, Shmuel’s beloved twin sister Yehudit Haan. Shmuel died at the age of 97. When I spoke with him several days before he passed away, he was choked up and began to cry, as he always did when we spoke about Yehudit. His younger siblings: Meir Duvi Haan, 18 years old; Shimon Haan, 16; Arye Leib Haan, 13; and his youngest sister Pesla, aged 10.

His family members from Biłgoraj also died: his uncle Abraham Tauber, Abraham’s wife, daughter and son; his aunt Rachel Tauber and her three sons, Abraham, Jacob and Shlomo, their wives and children; his aunt Hinde and her husband Yehezkel, Aunt Hendel, her husband and children, Aunt Paula and her two daughters. From the town of Tarnogród: his aunt Muttle Koenigstein, her son Hillel and eldest daughter; his uncle Mendel Haan, his wife and two children. And there are probably many others who also had a name. May their memories be blessed.
