Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_strike061119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Interior Minister Aryeh Deri and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon have secured the cancellation of the local authorities' strike that was planned for tomorrow. Following negotiations with the relevant ministries that were held in recent days at the behest of the Prime Minister, which were led by Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Ronen Peretz, understandings were reached that led to the cancellation of the planned strike. The Prime Minister and the Interior Minister, today (Wednesday, 6 November 2019), at the Prime Minister's Office, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with local authority heads. Also attending the meeting were Union of Local Authorities Chairman Haim Bibes, Regional Councils Association Chairman Shai Hajaj, Arab Local Councils National Committee Chairman Mudar Yunes, Dimona Mayor Benny Biton and Bat Yam Mayor Tzvika Brodt. Prime Minister Netanyahu thanked Minister Deri and Minister Kahlon for their assistance in resolving the crisis. Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks: "I would like to thank Interior Minister Aryeh Deri, Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon and you my friends, the local council heads that are present, and Ronen Peretz for delving into the matter. It is no small thing that in time of crisis people quickly reach a conclusion and implement it in order to deal with the true problems of the hour. I would also like to commend the Chairman of the Histadrut. A special word about the Arab communities. Our government has decided to allocate for the multi-year plan which is 15 times as much in the peak decision of the previous government which I also led. The specific decision that we made to establish police stations stemmed from my deep impression, which my colleagues share, that it cannot be that there is no law and order in Arab communities. I remember meeting with an Arab woman whose husband had been murdered. She sat next to me at the Knesset committee and shook. It made a powerful impression on me. She pleaded to me 'Help us.' Then we took a first step and I think that now we are, in effect, taking an additional step, continuing steps, to provide the means to enforce the law in the Arab sector. Citizens of Israel need to receive the first protection of the state. The obligation of the government is to protect the security of its citizens against threats from both without and within. We are committed to this with all our might. I hope that others will also learn the lesson that I believe is self-evident: In the face of great challenges, we must unite."
