Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_perry230719

PM Netanyahu Meets with US Energy Secretary Rick Perry – PM's Complete Remarks

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with US Secretary of Energy Rick Perry. Energy and Infrastructures Minister Dr. Yuval Steinitz and US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman also attended the meeting. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I welcome you and Ambassador Friedman, and the people who are working very hard to enhance the alliance, the extraordinary alliance between Israel and the United States. I think it’s stronger than it’s ever been. President Trump has recognized Jerusalem as our capital, moved the embassy there, here; has recognized Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan; and above all, has taken a very strong stance against Iran and its illicit nuclear ambitions and its aggression in the region. The sanctions that he has imposed are working. We see they, the funds for, that are used by Iran for their aggression in Iraq, in Syria, in Lebanon, in Gaza—we see them drying up. Sanctions have begun to work, and it’s important that they continue to work. It’s important to keep up the pressure. If I had to say what are the three things that we have to do in the face of Iranian aggression, it is pressure, pressure and more pressure to force Iran to abandon its nuclear and regional ambitions. I believe this is entirely within our realm. I think within not only the realm of possibility, but I think it’s happened. It’s very important that the nations of the world who profess their desire to stop Iranian aggression, stand with the United States and show common resolve. We cannot allow Iran to disrupt the flow of oil in international waters, and again, I think the first requirement is the application of still greater pressure on Iran. I would not show any hesitation. I’m a leader who’s shown judicious use of force, and I think in this case, the judicious use of pressure is what is required. I want to thank the president and you and your administration for the forthright position that you have taken against these illegal Iranian acts. Equally, I want to thank you, Rick, for everything that you’re doing on behalf of the efforts to enhance our energy cooperation. I know you’ve been working with Minister Steinitz. We welcome the fact that the United States has been following and accompanying our effort to build an East Med pipeline that would use our gas resources to give gas to Europe, which I think is a common interest for all of us, and equally that you’re now going to the Eastern Mediterranean Energy Forum in Cairo. I think that’s very, very important. It spells the kind of cooperation that is already happening in the region. We want to see more of it. These are wonderful signs, and we have a wonderful friendship. And I welcome you here as a friend, a personal friend and a friend of Israel and the Jewish people. Thank you for all those years of friendship, for what you have been doing, and what you are doing now as well." The Prime Minister added: "I just had a visit with a delegation of journalists from Arab countries. With the exception of one, none of them have formal relations with us. They talk about how so many in the Arab world want to have peace with Israel, normalization with Israel, want to come to Israel. They’re not always free to express it, and there’s always opposition from those who want to take us back, but they expressed that desire. I said to them something that I’ll say here again. There is an irreplaceable alliance between Israel and the United States, There’s no other country, and there’s no other alliance like that. But within the region, and this is what I told them, within the region, Israel is the irreplaceable power, because there is no other power within the region without whose presence and activity here, I would say the region would collapse. Without Israel, without the things that we do and the things that we stand for and the things that we protect, I think the entire Middle East would collapse to the forces of Islamic radicalism, whether Shiite led by Iran or Sunni radicalism led by Daesh. I know that the United States and Israel understand this and cooperate because the United States is the external force that makes sure that the Middle East doesn’t fall to these forces. It was very important for me to see Arab journalists who recognized the role that Israel plays in their own future and their own security and their own development. And that’s a great development, a great change."
