Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start170219

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks:

"I returned over the weekend from the Middle East peace and security conference in Warsaw. I met there with US Vice President Mike Pence and American Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. The bond between Israel and the US is stronger than ever.

There was an historic change at this conference of great importance to Israel: There were 60 foreign ministers and envoys from countries there, including Arab countries with which we do not have relations, who sat together with Israel and took the stand that we set against Iran.

I told them that the Iranian aggression is the main factor undermining the Middle East and the entire world and that we must prevent Iran from attaining nuclear weapons and block its military entrenchment in Syria. We will continue to act at all times in order to ensure the security of Israel."

"On Thursday I will meet in Moscow with Russian President Vladimir Putin. I will discuss with him the continued strengthening of the coordination mechanism in order to prevent friction between the IDF and the Russian military. These talks are very important and are part of our continuing effort to ensure freedom of action for the State of Israel against Iran and its proxies, which declare their intention of using Syria as a front in their war to destroy Israel."

"Today I will submit for Cabinet approval the [legislation on] deducting of the terrorists' salaries from the Palestinian Authority funds. Security officials will brief the Cabinet on the scope of the funds. This is an important law which we have advanced, and today we will pass it exactly as I promised."

"Yesterday I thought I did not hear correctly when I turned on the television. I heard an infuriating statement against IDF soldiers by a senior journalist, a news anchor. I would like to say that this statement is inappropriate and must be condemned - in a firm and comprehensive manner.

I am proud of IDF soldiers. They are protecting us and we are carrying out the supreme humanitarian and moral mission of defending our people and protecting our country against those who want to slaughter us. The journalist's words deserve all condemnation."

On the approval of a budget for the Jewish Fighters Museum in Latrun:
