Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start020619

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: "Yesterday, two missiles were fired toward Israel from Syrian territory. One struck inside Syria and the other hit our territory on the Golan Heights. I held security consultations following the attack and I ordered the IDF to take strong action, which it did, striking several targets. We will not tolerate firing at our territory and we will respond with great force to any aggression against us. This has been the consistent policy that I have led, together with the government, and this is what we will continue to do for the security of Israel. We are marking 52 years since Jerusalem was unified in the Six Day War. The war changed the fate of Israel. It removed us from a chokehold and danger of destruction, turned us into a strong regional power and – in effect – began the process of reconciliation the continuing fruits of which we see developing today. It brought one more thing: The unification of the capital of Israel. We returned, I remember personally, I returned, to Jerusalem, the cradle of our people, our culture and our faith, between the walls, and this moved the entire nation, all of its parts. Of course, from then until today, Jerusalem has changed, it is almost unrecognizable. We are building it up. We are strengthening it. We are concerned for its future and are developing it into a prosperous city that can also be a focus of not only spirituality and a renewal of Israel's tradition and heritage, but also a city that is eing renewed with global technology. Jerusalem is ranked as one of the developing cities, one of the more quickly developing cities. This is the right combination of heritage and science – and this is our strength. On this we built the State of Israel. This is the guiding idea of Zionism. Therefore, today we are strengthening Jerusalem again. We need to strengthen it for all of its residents and we in the government are strengthening the health system. We are transferring NIS 30 million for health projects in the city. I would also like to thank the Health Ministry. We are also strengthening Jerusalem in another way. As you know, 1.5 years ago President Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, Approximately one year ago he moved the US Embassy there. Since then several additional representations from Latin America and offices from European countries also have moved. This is a process that we will continue. It gives international recognition to what we have already known for thousands of years. Jerusalem is our capital. We will make it our greatest joy and we will do so with redoubled vigor on the upcoming Shavuot holiday at the weekend. We recently experienced very harsh wildfires that burned considerable sections of Mevo Modi'im and kibbutz Harel. They caused major damage – a total loss for dozens of families. This is heart rending and we, in a joint effort with the Interior and Housing ministers, and of course, my office and the Defense Ministry, are transferring immediate assistance to the residents whose homes were burnt. We will transfer this, I hope, at this meeting, worth NIS 4.5 million."
