Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_yesha281119

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with the Yesha Council leadership. The Prime Minister informed the council heads that on Sunday the Cabinet will approve NIS 40 million in budgetary assistance for security and rescue components in Judea, Samaria and the Jordan Valley. "There are two items of good news today. First of all, we demolished the homes of the abhorrent murderers of Dvir Sorek. We hurt those who hurt us. Second, we will continue to build up and help settlement. They will not uproot us from here," the Prime Minister said. Pursuant to previous decisions, a one-time security grant of NIS 34.5 million will be provided as an earmarked budgetary supplement as per previously determined criteria. An earmarked budget of NIS 5.5 million will also be passed to reinforce first aid stations in Judea, Samaria and the Jordan Valley. Ministers will also decide on the transfer of NIS 3.6 million for the continued operation of resilience centers in Judea and Samaria. Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Ronen Peretz: "On Sunday the Cabinet will pass a decision to allocate NIS 34.5 million for the security needs of communities in Judea and Samaria. An additional NIS 5.5 million will be allocated for MDA in Judea and Samaria. An additional approximately NIS 4 million will be allocated to the resilience centers in Judea and Samaria as they deal with a difficult daily reality and in the context of the growth in Judea and Samaria." Prime Minister Netanyahu: "This is in the framework of maintaining life and security for every one of our brothers there." Yesha Council Chairman David Alhayani: "I would like to thank you. You have again proven your loyalty, your determination and your persistence in developing settlement in Judea and Samaria. I would also like to thank the Director General of the Prime Minister's Office for helping to advance the funds for security needs and the resilience centers, and also for MDA. We rely on you. We thank you for your assistance regarding settlement and we stand by you."
