Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_conference081219

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks, this morning (Sunday, 8 December 2019), at the Jerusalem International Convention Center, at the Makor Rishon Economic, Society and Innovation Conference: "We are dealing with the threat from Gaza, and if necessary we will carry out a major operation to defeat this terrorism once and for all. They received a sample several weeks ago. I do not suggest that they wait for the next portion. It will come if they continue. There will be no arrangement if the firing does not stop for good. If it does not stop for good, in the end there will be a decisive operation." "We are leading a relentless effort for sanctions on Iran, pressure on Iran, opposition to Iran, and active and military opposition to its attempts to entrench on our border. In effect, we are leading a global effort against Iran that also finds expression in my latest talks with President Trump and President Putin last week, and also with US Secretary of State Pompeo. My first three missions in all such talks are Iran, Iran and Iran." "We can achieve a historic defensive alliance; I can achieve this. This is what I intend to do – with God's help – in the coming months. We must work for this with full force. This is a tremendous opportunity. The second opportunity is to finally determine our eastern border, to apply Israeli law on the Jordan Valley and to do so with international recognition, i.e. American recognition. It is not wise just to annex, even though this is an important step which, to my regret, is impossible for a transitional government. For a future government, of whatever kind, it is possible. This is a legal restriction. However, it is not enough. Just as I wanted American recognition for our sovereignty over the Golan Heights, I want American recognition for our sovereignty over the Jordan Valley. This is important. It has been said that we did not formally discuss the plan; true, it has not yet come up. But the subject has been discussed. I have raised it with Secretary of State Pompeo and I intend to raise it before the Trump administration. The time has come to apply Israeli sovereignty over the Jordan Valley and to also arrange the status of all Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria, those within the blocs and those not within the blocs. They will be part of the State of Israel." "We have been obliged to struggle against American administrations that did not see eye-to-eye with us on our rights in the Land of Israel, on settlement in the Land of Israel. I had to devote all of my energy to this struggle, at the same time to the struggle against Iran, in order to defend the settlement enterprise." It has been said to me crudely – 'Not even one brick' in Judea and Samaria. I will not begin to describe the pressures, which no Prime Minister of Israel has faced, some of which have been published and some of which have not, but I did not give in. I rejected the pressures. The Jewish population in Judea and Samaria has grown – and has doubled. Hundreds of thousands have been added. By the way, we have not expelled anyone and we have not uprooted anyone. This required a great diplomatic effort."
