Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_jordan111119

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks today, at a Knesset conference marking 25 years since the peace treaty with Jordan: “We have an outstanding interest in keeping the peace agreement due to the fact that we have our longest border with Jordan and given the short distance from the border to the Mediterranean Sea. The importance of stability in Jordan, like the importance of the stability in Egypt and the stability of the peace agreements or the non-takeover by Islamist elements, is in our clear interest, vis-à-vis the regime in Egypt and the regime in Jordan. On the one hand, there is no reason to attack us. We are strong; that is the basis. On the other hand, we are also strong enough to prevent their being taken over. I say, to my sorrow, is this basis first of all. This kind of our relations stems from a sober and utilitarian consideration of both sides, for stability and security, the mutual interdependence of each one. We are in adjacent territories and they depend on our strength to prevent the takeover of various elements. I will not go into detail how we are helping them to prevent the takeover of their territories.” Prime Minister Netanyahu added: “The reason that we do not have violent outbreaks of terrorism in Judea and Samaria is not because there are no such attempts but because we are on the ground and the ISA foils and thwarts around 500 attacks a year. We also tell the Palestinians: In your cities, to the extent that you can do more, we will do less. However, we have no restriction, and this is known. Why don’t they dig tunnels under the fence from Kalkilya? Because they know that we can come in at any moment. This deterrent prevents this. We cannot allow ourselves to bring ourselves to a situation of terrible weakness and turn Judea and Samaria, which are 20 times as big as Gaza, into another Gaza. If we do this, we know that we will not receive peace; therefore, there is a basic condition in relations with the Palestinians about which I have spoken to Abu Mazen more than once.” Prime Minister Netanyahu also added: “In my view, the first sine qua non is that due to the fact that we live in the area that we do, we must keep full security control from the Jordan River westward to the sea. If we do not do this, it will not matter what we do on other issues, everything will collapse.”
