Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_hungary190219

Prime Minister Netanyahu, in Jerusalem, met with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban and congratulated him on his decision to expand the Hungarian Embassy in Israel and open a trade representation in Jerusalem with diplomatic status.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Prime Minister Orban and I meet almost on a regular basis. Every opportunity that we meet we take on the task of fortifying even further the excellent relations between Hungary and Israel. They are growing in every direction: economically, in terms of security, diplomatically. I have to commend you for taking on the effort, and your foreign minister, for confronting the lies that are put forward against Israel in places like the Human Rights Committee in EU forums and elsewhere. You stand up for Israel and you stand up for the truth and I want to thank you for it. It is a very important alliance.

I recall my visit to Hungary last summer. I was deeply impressed by your country and the development that is taking place there. I also appreciate the opportunity to visit places that have great importance to the history of the Jewish people and the Jewish state; namely the birthplace of Theodore Herzl without whose leadership we would not be here today.

We have many things that we have shared in the past. We never forget the tragedies that afflicted the Jewish people on the soil of Hungary. We share the present. We are both small nations, democracies, that share common values and common interests and we must strive for the future. We both want to build a future based on peace, on freedom, on prosperity. It's a very, very strong bond.

We are also facing common adversaries. The biggest common adversary to our common civilization is the force of militant Islam, its radical forces, the terrorists that seek to bring down our planes, bombard our cities, murder our civilians. We are cooperating with our intelligence services. I want to thank you for that too.

We have, of course, a common challenge. We recently saw Iran trying to stage terrorist attacks on the soil of Europe, in Denmark and France. We expect all European countries to join in the effort against the greatest sponsor of state terrorism which is the regime in Tehran.

Today we spoke about further ways to increase our cooperation in security and intelligence. We also discussed the opportunities to increase our cooperation in trade, science, technology, health, the environment and many others. And by the way I understand that soon we will cooperate in the field of sports because the Maccabi games, the European Maccabi games, will be held in Budapest. I think it's a symbolic opportunity, in a symbolic place that shows the importance that Hungary attaches to its relationship to Israel and I look forward to following the games.

I commend you for adopting the IHRA definition against antisemitism. You did that yesterday. That's important. I want to thank you for deciding to extend the embassy of Hungary in Israel to Jerusalem. That is to have an extension in Jerusalem that deals with trade. This is important. It's a sign of our friendship and it's also a place that can welcome you to Jerusalem next time you come here. Welcome to Jerusalem today, and I can say next year in Jerusalem in the extension."

Hungarian Prime Minister Orban:

[Translated from Hungarian]

"First of all we made an agreement in Budapest when your Prime Minister was so kind to visit us that there would be a V4 meeting here with the government of Israel. That was the first attempt which is promising. I hope that we will be able to complete that mission later on.

Second, we just celebrated the 30th anniversary of the reestablishment of our diplomatic ties with Israel and I would like to express our respect to the Israeli people and at the same time to Prime Minister Netanyahu because he played an important and inevitable role to reenergize and reopen the cooperation between Central Europe and Israel.

We just touched on political issues. I explained how important the European election, a European parliament election will be, not only for Europeans, but having some impact here as well. Our platform is very clear. We would like to have an outcome of the European election which helps us push back the antisemitism in Europe. And we will make clear that we need new leaders and leadership in the European Union which never finances NGOs anymore – from public European Union money – that are interfering in political issues and being anti-Israel. We don't accept that kind of behavior and practice. Up to now we have it so we would like to stop it.

We have just recalled the memory that we fought together at the level of United Nations against the global compact on migration. It is important having that there be only one voice in the international arena. We also have our voice which emphasized the legitimate interest of our nations and the right to defend our borders.

I just informed the Prime Minister that Hungary is still continuing to support the Hungarian Jewish community as we did in the recent years. And one of the good examples of the future that hopefully the Maccabi games will be one of the best and beautiful games in this history and hopefully we can deal with the security aspect together.

We touched on the issue of economic cooperation. It's going well. You have Prime Minister, 210 companies active in Hungary providing jobs for 5,500 Hungarians. Your presence in Hungary is very important because we hope that you could be even stronger there. And we agree that the innovative car industry is an important issue and we will extend our cooperation in that field. Especially because we are investing in special training fields in Hungary which is necessary in order to move forward in that industry.

Finally, I just informed the Prime Minister that the Hungarian government decided that to open a trade representation here with diplomatic status. So we will have an official presence in Jerusalem as well. So I hope it will be a good step forward to improve even more the relationship between the Israeli people and Hungary.

You said welcome to Israel. My message is welcome to Budapest which is your city as well."
