Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_fire260519

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, at the emergency and rescue forces command center at Tel Hadid, held an assessment on the wave of fires. They were briefed – by Acting Police Commissioner Motti Cohen, Fire and Rescue Service Commissioner Dedi Simchi, commander of the aerial firefighting squadron Nir Rosenthal and other senior officials from, inter alia, the National Security Council, Defense Ministry, Israel Nature and Parks Authority, JNF, IDF Home Front Command and the Israel Meteorological Service – on the fires and on the deployment ahead of their resumption. Prime Minister Netanyahu then visited the control and operations center for the UAVs that are assisting the firefighting and rescue forces in locating the fires, and spoke with firefighters in the field. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We contacted many countries. In my conversation with the Public Security Minister and the Director of the National Security Council, we agreed to contact all elements. As of now assistance has come from Greece, Croatia, Italy, Egypt and Cyprus and we very much appreciate it. I would like to thank my friend Egyptian President el-Sisi for sending two helicopters. We were also contacted by many others, including the Palestinian Authority and other elements. Four to six countries, including Russia, are ready to send practical assistance. They contacted us even before we contacted them. For several of these countries this is very important. The international capability is important and is assisting the national capability. While I would like to further increase our independent firefighting capability, I welcome with open arms the willingness of our neighbors to help us in time of distress, much as we help them." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "I would like to thank the firefighters, police personnel, pilots and all forces that are cooperating in an extraordinary manner and are working very hard in difficult conditions, yesterday and today, and as necessary. I ask the citizens of Israel to avoid hiking at this time, to do as they are asked because it saves lives. Our foremost mission is to save lives. This means evacuating people from their homes, which is heart-rending and very difficult, but must be done. We spoke about this just now with the Acting Police Commissioner and the Public Security Minister. The second mission is to control the fires. As of now this is being done in an optimal manner but the challenge is still before us due to the weather, the strong winds and the extreme heat. The third mission is rebuilding. We will help return people to their homes and if need be, rebuild their homes. This is a difficult problem, especially at one of the communities here. The fourth item is the possibility of preparing differently, even better, even though there is much improvement in what I see here today. I am considering expanding the firefighting squadron for both day and nighttime operations and enacting other structural changes. I certainly intend to implement them in the coming year. All in all, the work has been excellent but again – the challenge is still before us. Please listen to the instructions from the Fire and Rescue Service and the police. Avoid unnecessary hikes at this time." Public Security Minister Erdan: "The main effort is the effort to save lives and wherever there is any doubt my instructions are there is no doubt and if it is necessary we will evacuate populations, close roads and request international assistance as we have done. We are prepared to thwart arson via aerial observation and Border Police patrols in forested areas."
