Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_bolton060119

PM Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem, met with US National Security Adviser John Bolton. Following their meeting the two issued joint statements to the media. They are now holding an additional working meeting over dinner.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"John your visit to Israel gives us an opportunity to do two things. First, it gives us an opportunity to thank the Trump administration for the extraordinary support you've shown Israel.

The President walked away from the dangerous Iran deal and reimposed sanctions. That's number one. That's important to America, to Israel, to the world. Everybody who wants to stop Iranian aggression respects that deeply.

Secondly, the President decided to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and moved the embassy here. An historic decision which we welcome. And every time I see Ambassador Friedman here I say, 'Well it's a short ride at least.' So we welcome him along with your entire delegation.

Third, you've unequivocally backed Israel at the United Nations. And that's something that again is deeply appreciated by all Israelis and all friends of Israel around the world.

And you have backed Israel's right to defend itself which we exercise constantly. It's important to know that we have the backing of our great friend and ally the United States of America.

Tomorrow, if weather permits, we'll go up to the Golan Heights. The Golan Heights is tremendously important for our security. I think that when you're there you will be able to understand perfectly why we will never leave the Golan Heights and why it's important that all countries recognize Israel's sovereignty over the Golan Heights. I've discussed this with the President and I hope that I have a chance to show this directly to you tomorrow on our visit. And if we can't fly there I'll say it again to you.

I want to welcome you and your delegation and thank you once again for your extraordinary support.

Welcome friend."
