Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_idf241119

Prime Minister Netanyahu, held a security tour of the northern sector, on Mt. Avital, and was briefed by GOC Northern Command Maj.-Gen. Amir Baram and the commander of the IDF Bashan Division, Brig.-Gen. Amit Fisher. Defense Minister Naftali Bennett and IDF Deputy Chief-of-Staff Maj.-Gen. Eyal Zamir also attended the tour. Prime Minister Netanyahu on Mt. Avital: "Iran's aggression in our region, and against us, continues. We are taking all necessary actions to prevent Iran from entrenching here in our region. This includes the activity necessary to thwart the transfer of lethal weaponry from Iran to Syria, whether by air or overland. We will also take action to thwart Iran's effort to turn Iraq and Yemen into bases for launching rockets and missiles against the State of Israel. Our commitment and our readiness to struggle against Iranian aggression is absolute and we are acting with all means to prevent Iran from achieving its goals. I cannot go into more detail but this is a constant process. Pay attention to what General [Kenneth F.] McKenzie, the head of US Central Command, responsible for US forces in the Middle East, said – that Iran is planning more attacks. I can confirm that and I can also confirm to you that we are continuing our plans to thwart this aggression by various means" Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "I am doing everything necessary to continue the work of the government and the Security Cabinet, from which I have just come, by all necessary means, to preserve the security of the citizens of Israel and the things that are essential for the State of Israel. Whoever knows me knows that I am doing this. These are not insignificant matters. I am doing this in the best way possible out of a supreme commitment to the security of Israel. The considerations are completely substantive and the decisions, in my view, are also very good. And the proof – everything that can be seen around us, everything that can be seen as a result of our action in the end falls on my desk and is my decision. My decisions are substantive and I think that I decide well." Prime Minister Netanyahu also added: "The leaders of Iran are concentrating on the citizens of Iran; they are slaughtering them. This is additional testimony to what kind of a regime this is. We will oppose it everywhere."
