Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start240619

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: "On behalf of all Government ministers, I would like to welcome Justice Minister Amir Ohana, Education Minister Rafi Peretz and Transportation Minister Bezalel Smotrich. You are welcome. You know that I have a traditional greeting for all who take upon their shoulders public responsibility – my greetings and my condolences. Tomorrow I will lead an unprecedented summit between the two superpowers – the US and Russia, and Israel, here in Israel. The fact that this summit is being held here in Israel is additional testimony to Israel's unique standing among the nations at this time. Yesterday, US National Security Adviser John Bolton and I toured the Jordan Valley. I would like to say something about the words 'we toured. It was not an overflight; such things have already been done. We actually landed on the ground and touched the soil of the Jordan Valley. We observed the Sartaba and afterwards went to Qasr al-Yahud, by the monasteries. I spoke there about the supreme importance of our being in the Jordan Valley in order to ensure the strategic depth and the strategic height of the State of Israel. There are those who say that our presence in the Jordan Valley prevents peace. I say the opposite. If we are not there, that ensures war, terrorism and instability that would spread in all directions – east, west, south and north. Therefore, our being there is a fundamental component of security and stability in our region. I gained the impression that Adviser Bolton agrees with me. Today I will meet with the Secretary of the Russian National Security Council, Nikolai Patrushev. Tomorrow I will lead the trilateral summit. We will deal with Iran, of course, as well as Syria and other issues that impede the achieving of peace and stability in our region, which we know that the region needs very much, especially at present. At our meeting today we will pass a series of budgetary decisions. The most important budgetary decision, first of all, is approximately NIS 800 million to continue a security project of unparalleled importance that we cannot interrupt. Additionally, we will transfer NIS 350 million so that the afternoon daycare project will not be interrupted. This serves very many parents in Israel and makes possible the start of the school year for us. Also, we will also pass several dozen million shekels for the benefit of those people whose homes went up in flames. It is the obligation of the government to do so. As we discuss these things, over NIS 1 billion, we can do one of two things. We can simply allocate the funds and thereby increase the deficit and say 'We gave'. The problem with this is that it is irresponsibility of the highest order because we need to set a limit, in the end, to these expenditures, and we are doing so here. In order to give, we need to take from another source. One can call this shifting – I call it cuts. These cuts are hard. To take from government ministries is hard. Nobody wants to do this including myself. I also understand the ministers whose ministries will bear the cuts. This is very hard for all of us; it is what is necessary. We have no choice. We must see to the priorities – security, the homes that went up in flames, the afternoon daycare – these are the needs which, as of now, we must put before others. To do this, we need to make the hard decisions. I want to tell you – this is leadership. This is how leadership is measured. In all my years here, and we have dealt deficits a little bigger than the one we are dealing with today, the same question always comes up: What are the priorities? When one speaks about priorities, it is, first of all, the willingness to take from here and put it there, and to deal with these difficulties. This is how leadership is measured. This is how responsibility is measured. I believe that those at this table will show both in the coming hour." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "I want to welcome Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Amir Yaron. We will be pleased to hear his position. The steps that the Finance Minister has outlined, at this time, the eve of elections, are not an easy thing. I do not downplay this. There is no easy effort here. This is hard but it is what is necessary. The fact that we have convened here at this time and are ready to take this step attests to the budgetary and economic responsibility of the government. We all need to take credit for this."
