Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start291120

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting, today:

"On the coronavirus situation, it must be understood that we are fighting a very difficult pandemic that has now claimed from us around 2,800 lives, every one of whom was a whole world, and we grieve for each and every one of them. We know the suffering of the families. We must do everything in order to prevent the situation from worsening, which could bring us to even harsher places, even harsher than we have known up until now.

I would like to give you data on five European countries that are our [population] size, among the most advanced countries in the world. They have paid much higher prices, even more than us. Belgium has 16,000 dead. The Czech Republic has 7,300. Switzerland has 4,500. The Netherlands has 9,200. Sweden has 6,000. We must do everything so that we do not add a tragic price to the price we have already paid during the pandemic.

I must tell you that our morbidity situation, relative to [other] OECD member states, countries that we are always compared to and which we compare ourselves to, is good. We have 9,500 active cases, which is much less per capita than almost all of these countries. However, we must maintain this. I tell you plainly that we are in danger of not maintaining this if we do not act immediately because in recent days we have seen a clear increase in morbidity.

We are constantly evaluating the data and measures to ease restrictions that we have enacted. If necessary, we will halt the continued easing of restrictions and even tighten those we have already given. I ask citizens to continuing following the rules and adhering to the Health Ministry instructions.

This week we will discuss the outline for allocating the vaccines. Last week I was at the impressive Teva SLE logistics center. We are prepared to receive these vaccines, millions of vaccines, freeze them and also distribute them.

Our policy has been, and remains, to bring as many vaccines as possible from as many sources as possible to as many citizens as possible as quickly as possible. We see that this policy has proven itself, against the background of the various reports about the quality of the process of checking the vaccines, at least in one of the companies. Indeed, the policy is to bring as many vaccines as possible from as many sources as possible. We will continue with this effort together with the Health Minister and his ministry."

"Today I will submit for Cabinet decision a comprehensive plan to prefer domestic products in government procurement. We have brought a balanced decision to support local products, without hurting the cost-of-living.

It is precisely at this time that we must strengthen Israeli industry and procure Israeli products. I also call on the citizens of Israel to purchase domestic products, blue-and-white products, in order to encourage local production and also strengthen businesses.

I would like to thank Dubi Amitai, the chairman of the presidency of business organizations, and Histadrut Chairman Arnon Bar-David, who – together with us – led this important decision.

I also asked my ministry and the relevant government ministries to extend special assistance to Israeli E-commerce for small businesses. Large businesses are already doing this anyway but for small and maybe middle-sized businesses, I want them to be able to sell their wares, domestic products, via the Internet in E-commerce. There is a web site, I want to add to it and I want to ascertain that we are moving budgets to it, which have already been allocated, the necessary funds for this important effort."

Today is 29 November [the 73rd anniversary of the passage of UNGA Resolution #181]. At 15:00, there will be a ceremony at Sha'ar Hagay in honor of those who broke through to Jerusalem. Of course, this marks an important move in our War of Independence. I will make remarks there.

Today we are submitting for Cabinet approval two agreements between the State of Israel and the United Arab Emirates. First, the establishment of regular air links. Second, a cooperation agreement in promoting and developing advanced science and technology. This is another milestone in strengthening bilateral relations and we will continue to develop ties with the additional agreements that we will bring.

This week we mark International Day of Persons with Disabilities. We have been working throughout the year to increase accessibility and assist in integrating them into Israeli society. I passed a multi-year plan with considerable funds to ensure accessibility at public buildings, government buildings and the like. Today, I am submitting for Cabinet approval an assistance plan for the Aleh Negev rehabilitative village.

I do not know if you have been there but I visited there several years ago along with my wife Sara, and we were so moved to see this special place, which was established by Maj.-Gen. (ret.) Doron Almog. We saw the professionalism, the progress and the assistance that rehabilitation gives there in – I believe – an exemplary manner, relative to other countries. But the main thing we saw there was the spirit, the heart. Everything was done with a smile, with warmth and with great love.

It is precisely in the time of the coronavirus, in which their expenses are rising and the philanthropic assistance is declining, that the government will assist this important place with NIS 24 million. This is part of our values and I again salute Maj.-Gen. Almog.

Today we are bringing grants for discharged soldiers, with emphasis on lone soldiers, because they are ineligible for unemployment benefits. This is an important step that will assist them during this period, after we have already assisted students as well.

I would like to thank Ronen Peretz for serving as Acting Director General with dedication and professionalism over the past year. He did very important things in many areas, including the diplomatic sphere, on various trips and here as well, actions that will assist many in the government and me, especially during the coronavirus period. Thank you Ronen, and enjoy continued success.

A story to close. Over the weekend, I went out, as is my custom, to train a little. One cannot go now to a gym but it is possible to go out, get some air and walk. This is good. Even there, by the way, I try to wear a mask. On the beach in Caesarea, I went to relax for a moment. I climbed the aqueduct a little and I saw people walking, what a family, at a distance of several hundred meters. Suddenly I heard a little boy start to shout. He ran to me very quickly and climbed the escarpment, which is very difficult for a small child, and was very, very excited to meet the Prime Minister. A wonderful boy. Afterwards he called to his mother to also take a picture of him, and he himself held the camera. He was so excited and ran to tell his friends. Then I would like to tell you – I was also excited. Happy is the country that has such children in it."
