Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_tiberias210620

The Cabinet, at its weekly meeting today, approved Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s proposal to allocate NIS 50 million to encourage tourism in Tiberias. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the Cabinet meeting: “We will allocate over NIS 50 million to develop and advance tourism in Tiberias. This is a plan that includes grants to small businesses, a comprehensive construction plan for tourism development, providing incentives for improving hotels and budgets for municipal development. I hope that we will thereby move Tiberias forward and encourage both tourism and its economy.” The plan was led by the Prime Minister’s Office in conjunction with the Interior Ministry, the Tourism Ministry, the Economy and Industry Ministry, and the Negev and Galilee Development Ministry and includes the following steps: 1. Special grants to encourage the construction and expansion of hotels and the conversion of structures to hotels – NIS 20 million: The goal of the administrative grants is to encourage entrepreneurs to build new hotels in the city or, alternatively, to convert existing structures into hotels. The construction of new hotels in the city will improve tourism throughout the area, including the introduction of concept hotels, hotels for hikers, lower-priced hotels and hostels, and encourage the development of attractions and the entry of national and international chains. The projects will promote competition in the tourism sector in the city, which will encourage an improvement of services, investment in quality infrastructure and the upgrading of rooms. 2. Assistance in formulating a master plan for tourism in, and the development of, the city of Tiberias: The Ministry of Tourism will assist the Tiberias municipality in formulating a tourism master plan and will finance 90% of the hours for professional consultancy in various fields – marketing, economics, statutory issues, etc. 3. Rebuilding, upgrading and adapting the “Tiberium” (water show in Lake Kinneret) for 2020 – NIS 5 million. 4. Action to improve the city’s appearance including upgrading infrastructure, sanitation and maintenance in tourist areas – NIS 6 million. 5. Establishing a municipal tourism unit to hold unique cultural events, as well as to brand and market the city and manage the overall tourism product in Tiberias – NIS 15 million: This unit will – inter alia – produce, promote and market multi-participant events and engage in marketing, municipal branding and advertising. Events are means by which it will be possible to attract a large number of tourists to the city and promote its positive branding. 6. Assistance to small and medium businesses that have been hurt as a result of the corona crisis – NIS 1.9 million: Small and medium businesses, as well as the overall business sector, were damaged in the outbreak of the coronavirus. However, in a tourism-oriented city like Tiberias, the damage was greater; it is necessary to support many businesses and in a more substantial manner. To this end, a designated budget will be allocated to boost the Small and Medium Business Agency in assisting these businesses.
