Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona280720

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein toured the department designated for receiving coronavirus patients at Soroka Medical Center in Be’er Sheva and were briefed by Director Dr. Shlomi Kadosh, doctors and additional officials on preparations for the spread of the coronavirus in the winter.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

“We have just finished a visit to the Soroka Medical Center corona department. I was impressed by the dedication of the nurses and the team of doctors, who are working difficult shifts in PPE, with masks and great sacrifice. The main thing that the Health Minister and I wanted to know, what Ronni Gamzu will do this evening, is the intake ability, the maximum capacity of the hospitals.

As of now, they can deal with the severe patients. There are also beds here as you can see behind us. Nevertheless, there is a question of personnel, when do we reach the warning point where they tell us – ‘We cannot accept any more patients.’ This is the major question. As of now, due to the proficiency, the dedication and the organization, we still have room. However, I suggest that we listen to Prof. Gamzu today, who will speak on the issue.”

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Health Minister Edelstein visited the control center for treating coronavirus patients and the department designated for receiving additional patients. They then spoke with senior doctors and nurses from the department and the coronavirus ICU about the treatment patients are receiving, the challenges, the characteristics of the patients and the nature of the disease. Prime Minister Netanyahu asked to hear about what is necessary for optimal care.

Soroka Medical Center Director Dr. Kadosh reviewed the activities of the hospital in general and how it is dealing with coronavirus in particular, and noted that Soroka is prepared for various scenarios ahead of winter.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Health Minister Edelstein met beforehand with Soroka Medical Center Director Dr. Kadosh, Clalit Health Fund Chairman of the Board Harel Locker, Be’er Sheva Mayor Rubik Danilovitz, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, Health Ministry Director General Prof. Chezy Levy, Prime Minister’s Office Director General Ronen Peretz and other senior officials.
