Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_joint201120b

On instruction from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein, the Health Ministry has reached understandings with AstraZeneca; as of yesterday afternoon, the final details were being closed ahead of the signing of an agreement for the acquisition of millions of vaccines against the coronavirus from AstraZeneca and Oxford University. According to the agreement, AstraZeneca will provide Israel with approximately ten million doses of vaccine against the coronavirus (AZD1222) for five million people. The vaccine will be sold to Israel according to a non-profit model during the pandemic period. The agreement includes the supply of the largest quantity of vaccines that will come to Israel. The first supply is expected to reach Israel in the first half of 2021 subject to the approval of the regulatory authorities in Europe, the US and Israel. AstraZeneca is among the leading pharmaceutical companies in the world and has recently published encouraging results regarding the efficacy of the vaccine among the older population. This is the conclusion of another successful move led by the Prime Minister and the Health Minister in the national effort to acquire vaccines, that has been carried out in recent months. The accelerated activity has led to agreements with several companies, which are developing vaccines with various technologies, so that the population of Israel will benefit from the most effective and appropriate vaccines that are being developed to deal with the coronavirus pandemic. The State of Israel is in advanced contacts with additional companies in the intention that every citizen who wants to be vaccinated will be able to do so with vaccines from the leading companies in the world. It should be pointed out that contrary to erroneous publications in the media, the citizens of Israel will not be required to be vaccinated; rather, the state will see to it that they have the possibility of being vaccinated should they so desire. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "This is an additional important achievement for the citizens of Israel. My policy is that whoever wants to be vaccinated will have the possibility of being vaccinated, Over-preparation is better than under-preparation. We will continue to act in order to ensure that we will have as many vaccines as possible for as many citizens as possible, from as many sources as possible as quickly as possible." Health Minister Edelstein: "A strategic effort of many long months has paid off. Today, the State of Israel has agreements with the leading global companies. We set for ourselves the goal that every citizen who so desires will be able to be vaccinated. Thus I hope that we will defeat the virus as quickly as possible. Until then we cannot become complacent. We must strictly adhere to the directives – masks, distancing and hygiene." AstraZeneca Israel CEO Ohad Goldberg: "This is an historic agreement led by the company's local representatives that will enable the accessibility of the vaccine for millions of citizens of Israel as part of an international policy for equal and wide-ranging global accessibility. As part of the company's commitment to public health, AstraZeneca will provide the vaccines according to a non-profit model during the period of the pandemic and will continue to work closely with health authorities around the world including the Israeli Health Ministry. The company has built an unprecedented mass production system throughout the world in order to meet rapid and extensive production capabilities. At the same time, the company is continuing research in order to ensure the safety and efficacy of AZD1222. We are proud of the company's efforts, as well as those of the entire pharmaceutical industry, to help in saving lives by reducing the harsh socio-economic effects of this global pandemic."
