Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_teva101220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein, today, visited the Teva SLE Logistic Center, which is receiving the anti-coronavirus vaccines that have arrived in Israel, under special conditions. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the end of the visit: "Today, we made three decisions. The first decision was short-term about Chanukah. The second decision was about tightened restraint and the third was about a full lockdown. Indeed, because legal problems arose regarding the night curfew during Chanukah, we said that we would go to the next two stages. I hope that we will not reach them but this is the reason. It is not that we made a u-turn. Israel has had great successes. Things are measured in successes, not in artificially inflating every debate and every discussion and if this or that minister opposed. We make the best possible decisions. I am proud of that. I am proud that we have brought to the little State of Israel, with nine million citizens, millions of vaccines before almost the entire world. I am proud that we are ready to distribute them in the best possible way, on the highest level in the world. I am proud that we have lowered morbidity and mortality to one of the lowest levels in the world, certainly in the western world. Therefore, we are making the right decisions and it is impossible to inflate every point and every debate. This is the decision-making process; we are doing so in the optimal manner. Things are measured by results; Israel's results are excellent. We came here from a meeting with HMO directors and we are here now, at the Teva SLE Logistic Center. Israel is ahead of almost the entire world in receiving the drugs, in preserving the drugs and afterwards in giving the vaccines to millions of Israeli citizens. This is on the highest level. The world is watching us and very much appreciates the fact that we have succeeded in bringing here millions of vaccines very early. We will be able to bring them to the general public by means of the facilities here and, of course, via the HMOs, which are a special framework that gives Israel a very great advantage. Our intention, of course, is to reach the opening of the economy as quickly as possible and get life back on track. I tell you in advance that this will also require your cooperation so that we can do so at minimal cost. I just saw a graph which shows that mortality in Israel is among the lowest in the world, certainly in the western world. You see this; it is very clear. Severe morbidity is among the lowest in the western world. We see what is happening in Europe – tragedies. We see what is happening in America – tragedies. We do not want there to be an atmosphere of complacency before the end and indeed, today we in the Cabinet decided on certain restrictions. Yes, we also wanted a full nationwide night curfew during Chanukah but his was not possible primarily for legal reasons, so we made decisions. But we will ask the public to help us in maintaining low morbidity indicators and if this is not possible we will go to tightened restraint and if this is not possible, we will then go to a general lockdown. We are trying to avoid this. With your help and that of the Almighty, we will succeed. In any case, I say, we will succeed. We see the end of the pandemic. In this place you can already see this very well. Thank you all very much; have a Happy Chanukah" Health Minister Edelstein: "We see with our own eyes how the plan is working marvelously, from the planes directly to the gigantic refrigerators here. My concern is fake news that will deter people from being vaccinated solely because of lies. I will discuss this with the Prime Minister in the coming days in order to find an answer to it."
