Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start120120

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: [English] “Iran lied. Just as they lied about their secret nuclear program, they are lying now about the downing of the Ukrainian aircraft. They knew from the start that they had downed it. They knew that it was an unintentional downing, but they lied intentionally. They deceived the entire world. This is completely contrary to how a civilized country should act and we send our condolences to the victims of Iran's deception and negligence.” [Translated from Hebrew] “I note the courage of the Iranian people who are again demonstrating in the streets against this regime. They deserve freedom, liberty and the ability to live in security and peace, all of which the regime denies them. I commend President Trump for imposing new and very harsh sanctions against this regime. I must say that this was also done close to the Iranian decision to accelerate uranium enrichment. I call on Britain, France and Germany to join the American effort. They need to go to the Security Council, and there they need to activate the sanctions that have been decided upon. I would like to reiterate: Israel will not allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons.”

Additional Remarks by PM Netanyahu at the Start of the Weekly Cabinet Meeting

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: “Around a year ago I visited Oman and I had a very moving meeting with Sultan Qaboos Bin Said. This meeting impressed me more than anything. We spent almost two whole days together. He impressed me with the nobility of his soul, his wise leadership and the changes he made in Oman as he turned it into an advanced country in the region and a state that systematically strived to advance stability and peace in the region. We send our condolences to the Omani people. We also congratulate the new sultan, Haitham bin Tariq, on his appointment and for his remarks that he intends to continue the foreign policy of his predecessor. The opportunity to develop new relations with Arab countries, this possibility is greater than ever. We are working on it, I am working on it, every day, including recently. I believe that this can bear fruit soon. We have good and interesting news about economic developments. First of all, I would like to show you from last week the level of participation in the workforce in Israel. Israel had been below the OECD average. I want you to see the pace of participation in Israel, as opposed to that in developed countries in the world, of the ages 25-34, which are determinant in an economy. This is major growth. Israel is leading above the OECD countries. This is a major change in the Israeli economy. We have much to be proud of. Additionally, we have fresh news, from recent days. This is our attempt to raise capital. When you go to raise capital, the price that you must pay is an indicator of the health of your economy. The less healthy, the more you need to pay so that people will give money. This is what prevailed in Israel, vis-à-vis raising capital, in 2003, when we were at the worst of the economic crisis. We had to pay 12% for ten-year bonds. See where this declined. We were barely touching 1%. This is a major improvement. I would like to express my appreciation to the Finance Minister and, of course, to the Accountant General who was engaged in raising the capital.” Prime Minister Netanyahu added: “The graph says it all. In the end, you look and say not what the analysts are writing or what interested parties are saying. In the end, the truest calculation is how much you have to pay for the debt that you are asking from the world, from the markets.”
