Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona030820

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today (Monday, 3 August 2020), chaired a meeting of the Corona Cabinet in order to discuss the situation and the steps needed to reduce the scope of the spread of the coronavirus in Israel. Prime Minister Netanyahu directed that a proposal on reducing contacts and lowering the number of cases be tabled with the Corona Cabinet within 48 hours. At the start of the meeting, National Coronavirus Project Director Prof. Ronni Gamzu, Health Ministry Director General Prof. Chezy Levy and National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat briefed Corona Cabinet members on the main aspects of the overall situation. Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Netanyahu’s remarks following the meeting: “The first step is the mask: This advanced technological device prevents morbidity. It is worn as it was just over a century ago; it prevents the disease. If it is not worn, the disease spreads. The second thing is reducing contacts, what we discussed at the Cabinet meeting, which will continue in another 48 hours for a decision. Contacts may be reduced in several ways. One possibility that we are trying to avoid is a general lockdown of the entire country. The other possibilities are three kinds of other lockdowns. One is localized lockdowns of red cities, there are these. There will be dialogue with the mayors and every possible assistance, including for businesses, not just for the cities themselves but also for businesses within these cities, with an explicit index for the days under lockdown, etc. The second possibility that we are discussing is nighttime lockdowns, i.e. to restrict activity from a certain time until the morning. The third possibility is a weekend lockdown. Of course, it will be possible to link these, to bring some or all of them. We must lower the morbidity. We simply must. We cannot allow it to remain as it is. There is also great importance to the IDF joining this action, especially regarding cutting the morbidity, locating people with the virus and quarantining them, etc. This is important; we must deal with this wave. This wave is currently hitting most countries anew. Countries that succeeded in closing, like us, and have begun to reopen, have received more or less what is happening to us because the virus is a virus is a virus. At the same time, we are concerned about the livelihood of Israeli citizens. Yesterday, via the National Insurance Institute, we transferred the grants for children. I would like to thank our friend [National Insurance Institute Director General] Meir Spiegler for helping here very much. Almost all children, 99.57%, he told me with great pride and rightly so. Yesterday, another 40,000 businesses received the additional phased grant that we promised. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the National Insurance Institute will continue to channel the funds to Israeli citizens, a grant for each citizen, just as we promised. These things are important. We do not rest even for a moment. The Finance Minister and I, Professor Simhon and our economic advisers and the Prime Minister's Office Director General – we will bring more and more plans, more and more money for the citizens of Israel and businesses in order to move the economy forward."
