Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_joint_statement161120

(Communicated by the Prime Minister's Office, the Finance Ministry, the Higher and Continuing Education Ministry, the Social Equality Ministry, the Council for Higher Education Planning and Budget Committee and the National Union of Israel Students)

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We promised to take care of our students – and we have done so: In cooperation with the National Union of Israel Students, we have approved an additional NIS 800 million in assistance for students in distress. We will continue to bring additional assistance programs and look after all citizens of Israel."

Pursuant to a directive from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the formulation of an assistance program for students, the Prime Minister, Finance Minister Yisrael Katz, Higher and Continuing Education Minister Ze'ev Elkin, Council for Higher Education Planning and Budget Committee Chairperson Prof. Yaffa Zilbershatz and National Union of Israel Students Chairman Shlomi Yechiav have agreed upon the launch of an NIS 800 million economic assistance plan that will be granted quickly and efficiently to the student public. This is the result of a joint process with Social Equality Minister Merav Cohen, the Committee of University Heads, the Committee of Public College Heads, the head of the National Economic Council and Finance Ministry officials.

The plan is composed of three main assistance components: Expanding scholarships to students, promoting youth employment and a one-time reduction in the payment of security fees to academic institutions, all in order to assist the student public, which has been hurt economically as a result of the coronavirus crisis, in surviving the crisis and avoiding dropping out of academic studies.

It should be noted that this NIS 800 million plan is in addition to ongoing state support of students worth over NIS 500 million per annum.

Following are details regarding the components of the plan:

1. Expanding scholarships

A. Expanding scholarships for students and providing additional assistance for tens of thousands of students in the framework of the assistance fund – These scholarships will be allocated on the basis of socio-economic criteria. It should be emphasized that expanding the assistance fund will include – inter alia – scholarships for students studying at non-budgeted institutions and technological colleges and, for the first time, students at education colleges as well. Also, the timetables for scholarships have been shortened so that those eligible will be informed of their eligibility this coming January.

B. Establishing a national task force of students, led by the Social Equality Ministry Youth Authority and the National Union of Israel Students in the framework of which tens of thousands of students will be eligible for economic assistance scholarships for social activity in various fields in the community including volunteering with senior citizens and Holocaust survivors and assistance to sectors that have been hurt during the coronavirus crisis.

C. Preference for employing students in Education Ministry afternoon daycare centers by local authorities: Preference will be given to employing students in all academic areas in the framework of an Education Ministry call to reinforce personnel in afternoon daycare centers for 1st and 2nd grades. The aforesaid call will potentially enable employment for thousands of students.

D. Expanding assistance frameworks in budgeted institutions of higher education for students in the wake of the coronavirus crisis – The institutions will expand assistance for students studying at each institution.

2. Promoting youth employment

A. Actions to advance youth employment – Advancing a range of actions and plans to promote youth employment with emphasis on low-participation population groups. These plans will be implemented by the labor division of the Labor, Social Affairs and Social Services Ministry in cooperation with the National Union of Israel Students.

B. Expanding the internships plan – Broadening the successful cooperation between the Council for Higher Education, the National Union of Israel Students, the Council for Higher Education Planning and Budget Committee, the Edmund De Rothschild Foundation and the Aluma non-profit association for expanding the internship program that allows students in their final year of study to acquire practical experience by working in their field of study by recognizing credit points. It should be noted that within this framework, the fund will increase its budgetary participation in the plan.

3. A one-time reduction in the payment of security fees at budgeted academic institutions:

A. Budgeted academic institutions have agreed this year to carry out a 50% across-the-board cut in the payment of security costs at institutions. It should be noted that the overall student body at budgeted institutions will be able to enjoy this benefit which will reduce their payments in the 2020-2021 academic year.

Finance Minister Katz:

"Approval of the assistance plan for students constitutes major news for the student public who are the future generation of the State of Israel. Already in formulating the previous assistance package, I held a number of meetings with student representatives and we discussed the problems that students in the State of Israel are dealing with. Now we are bringing additional complementary assistance in order to ease the burden on this population. I welcome the cooperation of the various elements in formulating this outline. I will continue to act in the face of the various challenges to encourage employment and lead the economy to growth."

Higher and Continuing Education Minister Elkin:

"Today, as I promised the Knesset, together with the Finance Ministry, the Council for Higher Education Planning and Budget Committee, the Social Equality Ministry, the institutions, the Council for Higher Education and the National Union of Israel Students, we are bringing significant news for the student public in the State of Israel in the format of an NIS 800 million emergency assistance package. This assistance joins the almost NIS 500 million in ongoing assistance to students in the regular higher education budget in the State of Israel and the NIS 100 million assistance package that we brought during the summer. This emergency assistance will help students in the State of Israel deal with the coronavirus crisis and continue their studies. As I have said in the past, I largely see my role as Minister of Students and I will continue to do everything in order to help the student public, which is the future of the State of Israel. I thank the Prime Minister and the Finance Minister for giving preference to the student issue and instructing the professional officials to formulate the necessary solution together with us."

Social Equality and Pensioners Minister Cohen:

"This move will allow us to distribute 10,000 scholarships of NIS 5,000, worth NIS 50 million, to students. I see this as important for two reasons: First, it will economically assist the student public that is in a very economically challenging period. Second, we will recruit this special public for social action with emphasis on activities, the goal of which is to dispel the loneliness of older adults. In effect we are establishing a national task force of students throughout the country that will act to dispel the severe loneliness of older adults during the coronavirus crisis. These are two very important and worthy goals and we will act so that this gets underway as soon as possible since the need on the ground is urgent. I thank the National Union of Israel Students for their partnership."

Council for Higher Education Planning and Budget Committee Chairperson Prof. Zilbershatz:

"The students were first in the minds of the Council for Higher Education and the Planning and Budget Committee from the outbreak of the coronavirus crisis. In a manner that is worthy of all praise and appreciation, the academic institutions organized to continue teaching even in the 2020-2021 academic year while strictly adhering to all instructions so that the students are not hurt. The economic assistance package that will be given to students constitutes an important supplement to the regular support for students and a promise that there will be no dropping out due to economic hardship."

National Union of Israel Students Chairman Yechiav:

"We fought and we have brought great news for students in Israel. Signing the agreement comes after long months in which we waged an uncompromising struggle together with the student associations [at the various institutions] in order to make certain that every student who was hurt economically would be eligible for assistance which would allow them to survive the crisis, reintegrate into the labor market and continue their academic studies. Alongside the assistance programs for students, we will continue to support Israeli society as a whole and in the framework of the agreement we will establish a national student network for providing support in the frameworks of education and to additional populations that were hurt economically by the crisis. I would like to thank Higher Education Minister Ze'ev Elkin, Finance Minister Yisrael Katz, Council for Higher Education Planning and Budget Committee Chairperson Prof. Yaffa Zilbershatz and the budgeted academic institutions for the great effort in formulating the outline and for recognizing the importance of students to the future of Israeli society."
