Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_cabinet_corona291020

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, convened the Corona Cabinet to continue discussion of the outline for a gradual exit. The Cabinet will reconvene this evening. Prime Minister Netanyahu said, at the start of the discussion, that after consulting with the Health Minister, the Education Minister and the Chairman of the Federation of Local Authorities, it was decided that the education outline would remain unchanged, as was decided at the beginning of the week. According to the plan that was formulated in coordination with the school principals and the local councils, grades 1-4 will study in school at least four days a week beginning this coming Sunday; this is the outline for the immediate term. The effects of the opening of kindergartens on the infection and morbidity data will be evaluated in the coming days. Accordingly, the Cabinet approved education regulations as per the outline that was agreed upon at the beginning of the week (a separate announcement will be issued). Additionally, the Cabinet and the government decided to extend the state of emergency due to the coronavirus by 60 days, from 5 November 2020 until 3 January 2021. Afterwards, the discussion was dedicated to an assessment of the morbidity situation in order to understand if Israel meets the threshold conditions to implement the second stage of the exit plan. The head of the National Security Council and the national coronavirus project manager presented the situation, the main points of which are as follows: Israel indeed meets the threshold conditions but the situation is fragile. It was pointed out that (inter alia) there has been an increase in the basic reproduction number, morbidity in the Arab sector is high and a cause for concern, the scope of tests has increased but is still low relative to both the past and what is anticipated, and the effects of opening the lockdown have yet to be seen. In light of the above, Prime Minister Netanyahu emphasized that the decision to open up the economy had to be made cautiously and slowly. No chance would be taken that could cause a rapid climb in morbidity and the loss of what has been achieved up until now. If the situation worsens, the process would be stopped and the restrictions re-imposed. Discussion of the issue of commerce and the exit outline will continue this evening.
