Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start050120

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: “On behalf of government ministers and also many citizens of Israel, I would like to express deep shock over the tragic deaths of Dean Yaakov Shoshani and Stav Harari, who perished yesterday in the elevator disaster. I spoke last night with the Public Security Minister, the Transportation Minister, the Israel Police Acting Commissioner and the Fire and Rescue Service Commissioner in a preliminary effort to clarify how this happened. I asked PMO Acting Director General Ronen Peretz to convene a meeting today with all of the professional elements in order to learn lessons so that such things do not recur. Qassem Soleimani brought about the death of many American citizens and many other innocents in recent decades and at present. Soleimani initiated, planned and carried out many terrorist attacks throughout the Middle East and beyond. President Trump is deserving of all esteem for taking determined, strong and quick action. I would like to reiterate – Israel fully stands alongside the US in the just struggle for security, peace and self-defense.” Additional Remarks by PM Netanyahu at the Start of the Weekly Cabinet Meeting “I returned Friday from the trilateral leaders’ summit between Israel, Cyprus and Greece. This was the seventh summit that we have held in recent years. This summit took to a new level the Middle East alliance that we initiated. Last Thursday, in Athens, we signed a historic agreement that sees a gas pipeline run from Israel to Europe via Cyprus and Greece. Minister Steinitz, I would like to thank you for your very great contribution to this important project. The significance of this project is that we are turning Israel into a major energy power. Last week, already, we started to export gas from the Leviathan field to Jordan; later on, we will also export gas to Egypt. This project will put billions of shekels per annum into state coffers. This will take several years, but it will come very quickly. This money will be directed to investments in health, social services, education, infrastructure and things that will serve every citizen of the State of Israel.” Prime Minister Netanyahu added: “The goal of converting our energy from coal to gas will change the status of Israel. For all the years of its existence, Israel imported energy, and this has been overturned. This was overturned when we allowed private companies to replace the government company in gas exploration. As soon as we switched over to this, they found gas. Afterwards, we needed to make certain adjustments in order to ensure that the lion’s share of these vast revenues would remain. In effect, two-thirds of the revenue from Leviathan goes directly to state coffers. The third thing that we needed to do was to overcome those who said we should leave the gas in the ground. This is unbelievable. There are those who still want us to leave the gas underground. We insisted on these things and it is good that we did so. Today, the State of Israel has exceptional energy and economic horizons. This will greatly strengthen the Israeli economy. Things are measured by results and we are bringing results. We have brought more results. We are also measured by tourism. We see amazing data, an almost 70% increase over five years. The number of tourists has reached an all-time high – 4.5 million. First, this is great news for the State of Israel. Second, this is great news for your important work, Minister Yariv Levin. This is a very great improvement. This creates thousands of jobs. This also brings billions of shekels into state coffers for the benefit of the citizens of Israel. This is a vast improvement. Things are indeed measured by results and the results are achievements. Today, the Cabinet will be briefed on another achievement – the scope of the implementation of government decisions. Several years ago, we had an idea, which we knew from the outstanding units in the IDF, one of which I served in. I know this from business groups that I worked in. They all check results, how many have been implemented. You made decisions? How many were implemented? When we started checking this, it was around 67%. Today, several years later, it is 82%. It rises every year. In the last five years, it has reached an astounding 82%. Such an output and such achievements happen in very few organizations. We not only make decisions, we carry them out. It is encouraging that it rises every year. We will not suffice with 82%. I want to reach 90% -- and beyond – quickly. Since I have said that things are measured by results, last week another amazing result of our policy was published, which many doubted – the continuing decline in the debt to GDP ratio. When I look at the economy, the first thing I see is per capita income. The second thing I see is the debt to GDP. This is how much debt you are carrying relative to what you make. The debt to GDP ratio was over 90% in 2003 when I became Finance Minister. In 2009, it was 78%. We set a goal of lowering it below 60% by 2020. Nobody believed it but we passed this goal in late 2019. It is now 59.5%. I want to thank the Finance Minister and all of the ministers who helped in achieving this goal. When the world looks at the Israeli economy, at the recent generation, it says: It is continuing to decline. The economy is continuing to grow, the debt to GDP ratio is continuing to decline. This is a very healthy economy. It is no coincidence that things are measured by results.”
