Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_pm161220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening: "Shalom to you; I am speaking from quarantine. On Friday, I will leave quarantine and on Saturday evening I will go get vaccinated. I have asked to be the first person to get vaccinated in order to serve as an example and to persuade you that you can and should be vaccinated. By the end of January, we will have many millions of vaccines here. I have worked very hard to bring them to you and I ask you – use them! A professional team has also determined the order of preference for the vaccines. They have determined: Medical and MDA staff will receive first. Then the elderly and their carers in assisted living. Then the population over 60 and after them those with dangerous pre-existing diseases during the coronavirus period. After them – the rest of the population. They also determined who will not be vaccinated: Not children, not pregnant women, not those with acute allergies and, of course, not those who have already recovered from the coronavirus. In the end, this leaves approximately six million people. We have enough supplies for everyone. If everyone is vaccinated – we will have quite a surplus. Therefore, the professional team has determined that if it becomes clear that we in fact have a considerable surplus, they will permit the general population to be vaccinated more quickly and I anticipate that this will happen very quickly. They will announce the exact dates. I ask one more thing from you: You see the disasters happening in other countries. You see the tragic mortality of almost 1,000 dead a day in Germany, of over 3,000 dead a day in the US. We can avoid that. We cannot become complacent as if some course was about to be over. I was in the army and I saw what this attitude is like. There is always someone who does not follow the rules and a command car overturns or someone steps on a mine and lives are lost needlessly. A needless tragedy. This can be prevented. The morbidity is now rising because people are complacent. We are averaging 2,000 new cases a day and if we reach 2,500, we will have to go to tightened restraint and this can be prevented. I ask that you look at yourselves and say 'What am I doing to follow the rules?' Here, I am sitting here at home, the Prime Minister in quarantine, I am following all the rules. This is also what you need to do. Watch yourselves. Watch others. We are exiting from the coronavirus. It is possible to do so without any additional serious price, neither economic, nor in human lives, nor in terms of health. Please do this and go be vaccinated. Have a happy holiday!"
