Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_bahrain021220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Bahraini Industry, Commerce and Tourism Minister Zayed bin Rashid Al-Zayani, today , made the following remarks at the start of their meeting:

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Welcome, Your Excellency, Mr. Zayed Al-Zayani, and your distinguished delegation. These are wondrous days. This is the day when we realize peace, because of the courageous decision made by King Hamad, because of the extraordinary energy and initiative of Bahrainis and Israelis who are eager to embrace one another, to get to know one another, to do business with one another in all there is: in tourism and commerce and industry. You have quite a few portfolios, I have to say, and evidently you do very, very well with that.

We've signed some agreements. We have more to go, and more importantly, I think we understand this is a real peace—a peace between our peoples, a peace that will open economic benefits that were unimaginable just a few months ago, but now are coming to be. And I think this will broaden the circle of peace not only for our own two peoples, but for all countries in the Middle East and perhaps beyond.

So I want to welcome you in the spirit of peace and prosperity and cooperation and friendship. Welcome."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"President Trump and his able peace team deserve a great deal of credit for helping bring this peace agreement about. I would say that it's flourishing in many ways, including on COVID. We'll discuss cooperation on this, because things here are also moving at a very rapid pace. As you know, they're starting to inoculate in Britain. We're expecting inoculations here very soon as well.

[Translated from Hebrew]

We will start the action. It will still take time until we will be able to complete it in a significant manner, but the rules need to be followed until then. There can be no complacency towards the end; we cannot get into that, but the end is in view."

Bahraini Industry, Commerce and Tourism Minister Al-Zayani:

"Thank you very much, Mr. Prime Minister. Thank you for your warm reception. We're very happy to be here in your office and your country. We have experienced a lot of good intentions since we arrived. Of course, we have met with Israeli delegations in Bahrain as well, prior to our arrival here. And like you rightly said, the whole world is watching. The steps we are building today are everlasting steps for future generations. It was a courageous move by His Majesty and yourself, and we thank you for that. We thank the American administration, led by President Trump, for facilitating it, and we feel we are paving a new future for future generations to leave this world a better place for them than we have inherited.

The peace has been signed. The diplomatic foundation has been laid. It's upon us now, as ministers of trade and commerce and industry and tourism to move forward to facilitate that, to forge the peace by having direct and constant integration between the business communities, which we believe will filter down even to the common citizen in Bahrain and Israel.

We are genuine about this. We are fully committed, and like you mentioned, the pace we're moving at is quite a fast pace, because we want to catch up on lost time. And we feel that there is a huge and immense opportunity to even develop it further, not just in terms of business—in terms of culture, sport, exchange, tourism—and that will come very quickly hopefully."
