Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_mossad161220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, spoke with 12 outstanding Mossad officers: “You, the fighters of the Mossad, are the new Maccabees. Like the soldiers of the IDF and of our other security agencies, you are the Maccabees when, in our times too, there are those who rise up to seek our destruction.

You outstanding officers, along with your comrades, deal on a daily and hourly basis with foiling a very wide range of threats. Each one of you contributes in their own way to reinforcing the strength of the Mossad. The Mossad has become a very important body and its importance regarding the security of Israel is constantly rising. By strengthening the Mossad, you are not just strengthening the State of Israel. You are also making a very valuable contribution to widening the circle of peace between us and our neighbors, and those who are not our immediate neighbors. Israel’s growing strength is key to widening the circle of peace, and we have extended that circle by four additional countries in four months and you played a key role in creating the covert and ongoing relations with each one of those countries, for which I thank you from the bottom of my heart. At the same time, you are preparing for far-reaching changes in the work of the Mossad, changes which are necessary due to the great things that are happening in the world of information and technology. The Mossad, of course, is a technology agency par excellance but as in the days of the Maccabees, it is this spirit that will be decisive in the end, the spirit that believes in the justice of our cause, which is obligated – after generations of wandering – to ensure our future here in our land, the spirit of fighting in a just cause that is without peer. For this and for your great work for the security of Israel, accept the blessing of the nation in its generations. Thank you." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "Yossi, I would like to tell you that my choices for head of the Mossad have always been good. At this opportunity, which is not the last, I would like to thank you and all of your comrades, who are doing exceptional work not only with dedication but with creativity, initiative, and unrelenting effort to give us the tools and the advantages against those who seek our lives. This is exactly what is necessary. I am certain that D will continue your work. Again, I would like to take this opportunity, not for the last time, to thank you for myself and for the citizens of Israel. Thank you."
