Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_press161120

Prime Minister Netanyahu, this evening: "Good evening, citizens of Israel. I would like to congratulate our Ethiopian brothers and sisters who are celebrating the Sigd festival today. Those who have come from Ethiopia have written a new chapter in the Zionist saga. The kept the ember of Judaism alive for many long generations. They also underwent a very difficult journey to Israel. We all salute them for their contribution to society and to the state. I come here from a meeting of the Corona Cabinet. Presently I will detail the new decisions that we made in the framework of our determined fight against the global pandemic. But first, a few words about vaccines. I am certain that you heard the excellent news today from Moderna that it has developed a coronavirus vaccine with 94.5% efficacy. Already in June, together with Health Minister Yuli Edelstein, I approved the signing with Moderna for the supply of vaccines to Israel. I want to assure you that Israel will be among the first countries to receive Moderna's vaccine. You recall that last Friday we also signed with Pfizer for the supply of eight million doses of vaccine for four million citizens. This is two vaccine doses for every citizen. My goal is to bring as many vaccines as possible, from as many countries as possible to as many citizens as possible – as quickly as possible. I reiterate: This will not happen today or tomorrow. It will take more time – not years, but months. Therefore, we are already seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. I repeat – until the vaccines arrive, and even afterward, we must not slacken or become complacent. Now, more than ever, I ask you, citizens of Israel, not to become complacent and to continue following the rules. Here are the rules: Distance, hands, masks. What every sweet boy and girl in our schools, in 1st grade, knows, every one of us can do. Alongside your cooperation, we will continue to make the correct, balanced and responsible decisions. These decisions have put Israel in a very good place relative to the other countries of the world. You remember that in the first wave of the coronavirus, we were among the first to enter a lockdown and among the first to exit it. This is exactly what has happened in the second wave, just as I anticipated it would, while we were exiting from the lockdown, many countries in Europe were entering it after they had broken – unfortunately – new morbidity records. Who has entered the second lockdown? Who hasn't? Great Britain, France, parts of Germany, Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Lithuania and now Austria as well. Here is an updated graph of Europe. You see the European average. The Czech Republic and Belgium did exactly what we did, after the Czech Prime Minister also called me, and they went down. We went down and we are in a good place. I spoke yesterday with my friend, Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz. He wanted to hear about our lockdown experience because he just entered lockdown, and I wanted to hear from him about their action regarding the education system. We wish everyone success because we are all in one boat. Together with you, citizens of Israel, in a joint effort for which I am grateful, we lowered morbidity in Israel to one of the lowest rates in the Western world. We are at a critical point because we are evaluating the basic reproduction number in Israel and unfortunately it is going up. When it is 1 – it is neither going up nor going down. One person infects one other person. When it is less than 1, the pandemic is shrinking. However, when it is more than 1, one person is infecting more than one other person, and the pandemic is spreading. We lowered the basic reproduction number but it is going up and it has passed 1. Therefore, we must, we simply must, lower it again. We cannot be hasty, only slowly, slowly and surely. If we are hasty, we are liable to see a very rapid jump in morbidity that will hurt both health and the economy. Therefore, today in the Corona Cabinet we made the following decisions. First, tightening the lockdown and the enforcement in red cities. Second, enacting a nighttime curfew in the orange cities. Third, shortening the transition from being an orange city to being a red city. We are shortening this by half so that we will be able to cut the chain of infection in time. An orange city starts to be red – we need to stop it in time. Fourth, stepping up enforcement nationwide and increasing fines. Fifth, opening outdoor shopping centers as of tomorrow. Sixth, on an experimental, pilot, basis, opening malls and markets. And seventh, opening classes: Grades 5 and 6 will reopen next Tuesday and a week after that, grades11 and 12, These are the things we intend to do and, of course, we are asking to do all these things according to the purple badge standard and according to the directives and laws. I want to say something else that is important to understand and I want you to take note of these remarks and internalize them. I said this around six times in the Corona Cabinet and I am prepared to say it a seventh time here. First, I asked that this week the Health Ministry present me with additional proposals for lowering morbidity because it is not certain that these steps will lower morbidity and it is reasonable to assume that they will flatten it or the basic reproduction number will continue to rise. Therefore, we must take balanced steps. I would not rule out any of the steps that were lightly or quickly ruled out in the media or even in the discussions. We need more steps to lower morbidity. And if we again see a geometric increase, which could happen in the coming days, every article of this plan which I just read, as well as previous articles, every one of them, not all of them together, but every one of them, is liable to be rescinded. There, I said it, and it is important to understand. We are opening up responsibly and cautiously. If we start to see the increase that we have seen, then with us as well, and unfortunately, as we are now seeing in every country in Europe, we will act and do what is necessary. Because we have the possibility of exiting from the coronavirus. It has been within our grasp for several months. We will not endanger the health and lives of the citizens of Israel. At the same time, I want to tell you that we are always attentive to the distress of many of you who have been paying an economic price in wake of the imposition of the restrictions. Therefore, in addition to the assistance plans that we have already brought to business owners, the self-employed, those seeking work, the handicapped and students, whom we have just brought an NIS 800 million assistance plan, and I know how important this is to both them and us, the Finance Minister and I will soon bring more plans and more assistance measures. Despite the unprecedented health challenge, our economy is strong. We have more good news: Today, the Central Bureau of Statistics published data according to which our economy was hurt much less than the economies of the west, you can see this. Here is Israel; we are with a drop of 1.4 and the other countries: Lithuania, the US, Sweden, Germany, France, Canada, Italy, Belgium, Austria and Spain – of course they dropped much more. This is the last quarter; this graph is based on OECD data. And more good news: The credit ratings companies, Standard and Poor's and Moody's, two of the leading credit rating companies in the world, have ratified our high credit rating. This is further proof that we are making the right economic decisions. Thanks to these decisions, we can continue to help you, citizens of Israel and we will continue to act responsibly regarding health, the economy and education. On the eve of the first of the Hebrew month of Kislev, the month of light, and ahead of Chanukah, the festival of lights, I am certain that we will continue to work together. We will bring great light to the State of Israel. I can definitely tell you – we will overcome the coronavirus."
