Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_airport170820

Prime Minister Netanyahu, today, following the tour of Ben-Gurion International Airport with Transportation Minister Miri Regev: “I have just had a quick tour of the airport ahead of the opening of flights – security procedures and health procedures. Of course, this is an experimental pilot and is related to morbidity. At the same time, I would like to inform you that we are now working on allowing direct flights between Tel Aviv and Dubai and Abu Dhabi, over Saudi Arabia. It is a very short flight, around three hours, like a flight to Rome but it will change Israeli air travel and the Israeli economy with a great wave of tourism in both directions, with investments of great magnitude. The Emiratis are very interested in massive investments in Israel in technology, in importing inexpensive products. There is a free trade zone there, one of the largest and most efficient in the world. This will be very beneficial to the Israeli consumer. Simply put, it is an injection of energy in the Israeli economy that will benefit each citizen. I estimate that we will reach an agreement that will genuinely allow direct flights between Tel Aviv and Dubai. This will open the entire Israeli tourism and air travel market, and also investments, on a magnitude the likes of which we have not seen. There are also blessings in the time of corona. We will continue to work for the citizens of Israel and businesses in Israel.” In response to journalists’ questions, Prime Minister Netanyahu said: “We are working with maximum energy and we have already begun to work on opening an air route over Saudi Arabia, which will simply shorten flights between Israel and the UAE, and will, in effect, open up the east and all of the connecting routes for Israeli air travel, it is a major revolution. This is a revolution for tourism to and from Israel, and it changes everything. To the best of my knowledge, Israir has already submitted an official request.” Prime Minister Netanyahu added: “I want you to understand the economic significance of the agreement with the UAE: The first thing that will be affected is what we see here – tourism, including direct Tel Aviv-Abu Dhabi and Abu Dhabi-Tel Aviv flights. UAE residents want to come here and will come here. Second is trade, by both air and sea. Dubai has the largest free trade zones in the world. They go there with raw materials and produce there very inexpensive goods, and now these goods will – under the peace agreement – reach the State of Israel and lower the prices of products for the citizens of Israel. The cost of living will be lower and the quality of life will be higher, because it will be possible to import more inexpensive products. This is a direct result of this agreement. Third, investments, in technology and all kinds of fields in the State of Israel. There is very great excitement there over Israeli initiatives and Israeli technology and this will lead to joint initiatives and additional employment. Fourth, their investments in real estate in Israel and, in my opinion, in the tourism sector. They are very excited by what they see here. It will be a massive injection for the Israeli economy, of abilities and possibilities for the citizens of Israel that have not existed up until now. If we used to think of Israel as 'the end of the road' – it is boxed in, it can only go west, today it is possible to go east and go to the best places. And fifth, peace, but a different peace, peace for peace, the peace of two countries that respect themselves, esteem each other and cooperate. The fruits of peace stem from the peace and not from dangerous concessions that jeopardize both the peace and our existence. This is a change. It is a revolution. I am very proud of this moment and I think that all Israelis will enjoy it soon."
