Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_headquarters070920

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, made a working visit to the command center of the task force on cutting the chain of infection, at IDF Home Front Command headquarters in Ramle. GOC Home Front Maj.-Gen. Uri Gordin briefed the Prime Minister on Home Front Command activity; task force commander Brig.-Gen. Nisan Davidi briefed him as well.

Prime Minister Netanyahu's statement to the media following the tour:

"We are constantly working on two axes – health and the economy. Today I visited the project here on cutting the chain of infection, together with the Defense Minister. I am very impressed by the cooperation. The Health Ministry, the Defense Ministry and the Prime Minister's Office are working together, making progress and creating a network that will perhaps be the best of its kind in the world to cut off the disease. This is essential.

At the same time – the economy. Tomorrow we will submit to the Cabinet a NIS 11 billion supplemental budget to help businesses in Israel, the citizens of Israel, and the economy and society of Israel. From the start of this international pandemic, we have been constantly working on two axes – health and the economy. Our goal was first to bring about low mortality and as few severe cases as possible. Regarding the economy, the intention was to prevent the contraction of the economy as much as possible.

On health, we were almost the first country that closed its skies and its borders and reduced the economy. As a result, we really do have a relatively low mortality. Every death pains the heart but we have a relatively low mortality in comparison to countries of a similar size. The difference is very large. Also, the level of severe morbidity is relatively low, and until recently it was also stable.

While on health we were among the first to close, on the economy we were among the first, if not the first, to open, and we opened a lot. The economic result of this is measured along borders. There are economic difficulties; we all understand that but it is possible to measure and say with certainty that the Israeli economy contracted by half as much as the economies of Europe. We know this. We brought grants, assistance plans, an extension of unemployment benefits and unpaid leave, and there will be other things as I have said.

But I would like to clarify that 'strength is not forever' [see Proverbs 27:24]. We are at a high level of morbidity and it is very likely that we also on a high level of morbidity increase at a heightened pace. This is happening not only in Israel but everywhere, including Europe and the United States. In places where the restrictions were opened, there was a rapid increase because this is how the virus works. The numbers are increasing because masks are not being worn and there are many dangerous gatherings, and this must stop.

The experts are concerned over a sudden jump in the number of severe cases and the number of dead. This is what can happen with a very rapid increase, a geometric increase, which has not happened yet. But it could happen. There is also additional concern that will certainly be voiced by Prof. Gamzu, and this is the question of the fatigue, I do not want to say 'collapse', of medical teams that are constantly accepting more patients that need to be treated and must then be moved from departments in order to make room for new patients. There is also a situation of system fatigue.

Therefore, it is self-evident that we want to prevent, or at least postpone, a general lockdown. In effect, we have been doing this for months and have been reaping the economic benefit. However, in light of the high morbidity situation, we decided to take another blocking step, via a curfew on 40 red cities. Ten cities have joined the list in the past 24 hours and according to law, they must be heard from and consulted, each one. Each one must be heard and consulted and therefore another 24 hours was necessary to complete this process. During the week we will convene the Corona Cabinet and we will make more important decisions to prepare the State of Israel so that we can deal with the challenges of health and the economy. I know that these decisions entail personal and economic costs that are not simple; we will provide solutions.

I regret that politicians are exploiting the pandemic for political needs and are calling for non-compliance with Health Ministry directives and disobedience to the police. This is anarchy. I have just sent a letter to the heads of the opposition and I told them: Show responsibility, stop this. Do not bring the State of Israel to anarchy. Anarchy will lead to very many severe cases and, I regret, many more deaths as well. Therefore, I say to you: Show responsibility, stop this unbecoming and dangerous behavior. This is also not leadership. Leadership is making the tough and complex decisions, even very complex, but also correct. I think that we knew to make the correct decisions in the first wave and we will also make them in the second wave. We will do everything to maintain the economy and safeguard health and lives. I am certain that we will succeed.

We entered the corona crisis with a very strong economy due to the free market principles that we enacted, as one of the strongest economies in the world. I am certain, I am optimistic, that we will also emerge from this. I must tell you that I am optimistic when I see the progress toward a vaccine. I am also optimistic because of what I saw here today and what we are doing together to overcome the problem and take control of it. I am certain that we will emerge from the corona crisis and build an even stronger economy and society."
