Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_usembassy230120

PM Netanyahu's remarks at the conclusion of his meeting with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence at the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem:

“Thank you. Mr. Vice President, first let me say that you spoke exceptionally movingly today, both in the substance and the depth of feeling that you conveyed, and it was a universal expression of a firm, moral stance to translate memory into action. And you are translating it into action.

President Trump and you are standing against the worst manifestation of antisemitism, and that is the call of Iran to wipe out the six million and more Jews of Israel. You spoke about it clearly today, and you act clearly every day.

So, I want to express my congratulations to you for coming here, for what you said, and for what you and what President Trump and your administration is doing every single day on behalf of Israel's security.

We've had no better friend than President Trump. That friendship is expressed in the fact that we're in the American Embassy in Jerusalem, that Jerusalem was recognized by President Trump as Israel's capital, that President Trump has recognized Israel's sovereignty over the Golan Heights, and now, with this invitation, I think that the president is seeking to give Israel peace and security, the peace and security that it deserves.

So, I gladly accept your invitation, his invitation to come to Washington and discuss with him his ideas on how to advance peace and to work closely with him to advance that goal.

I suggested that Benny Gantz be invited to this event as well, because I think that it's important that we do not lose this historic opportunity. With such friends in the White House, with such backing from the United States, we should get as broad a consensus as possible around the efforts to achieve security and peace, peace and security for the State of Israel.

I look forward to doing both, and I thank you again for your extraordinary friendship. Thank you".
