Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_zoom010520

Pursuant to Sara Netanyahu's initiative, the youth movements' 'Embracing the Elderly' project, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara held a Zoom conversation with Bnei Akiva (Jerusalem Ramot branch) member and project volunteer Stav Yaakobi.

The project began approximately three weeks ago. Its goal is to support senior citizens by dispelling their loneliness through conversations with youth movement members.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife spoke with Stav this week about her conversations with senior citizens and the special bond that has been created between them. She said that she heard about the project at her youth movement and decided to volunteer at this time. She noted that in her opinion the project has led to personal bonds that will continue even after the coronavirus period.

Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife praised Stav and her involvement. The Prime Minister said that this is an important project and emphasized that senior citizens must be in continual contact with the volunteers. Sara Netanyahu asked to expand the project as necessary so that the volunteers are updated on additional needs and wants.

Federation of Local Authorities (FLA) Chairman and Mayor of Modi'in Haim Bibas, Jerusalem Mayor Moshe Leon, Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Ronen Peretz, Bnei Akiva Director General Yair Shahal, Prime Minister's Office Acting Deputy Director General for Home Affairs Lior Farber and FLA Youth Department head Hadar Eliyahu also participated in the discussion.

Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Peretz noted that government ministries are involved in the project and are ready to continue rendering such assistance as may be necessary.

Jerusalem Mayor Leon said that authorities in the capital had mapped the senior population, which could be of future assistance. He also thanked Sara Netanyahu for the initiative which is enabling youth movements to be involved in the community and contribute to society.

FLA Chairman Bibas suggested that the project operate volunteers from additional age groups, including students.

Bnei Akiva Director General Shahal discussed the cooperation that has been created between the youth movements and local authorities in order to implement the project on the ground and emphasized the volunteers' great satisfaction from their conversations with the senior citizens.
