Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_slovenian081220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Jansa. The countries signed a joint statement on cooperation in the field of technological innovation.

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting:

"Welcome. Prime Minister Janez. This is an opportunity to begin a new dawn in the relationship between Slovenia and Israel. I feel like this is the closing line of the movie Casablanca: 'This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.' You have always been a great champion of an Israeli-Slovenia alliance. I believe in that too. I think that the opportunities are here.

Your actions as prime minister show how deeply committed you are to that vision; your first visit outside of the EU is to Israel. This is our first meeting, and I think it could be one of many, and I want to thank you for this commitment and this consistency.

From our point of view, there are many, many opportunities. People always ask, "How come you didn't do this before?" Because we are two – Slovenia and Israel – we are two advanced democracies, technologically capable, looking to the future, and sharing the desire to better the lives of our people. And we can do this better together.

Today we're going to sign an agreement on innovation and I think this is a critical thing that advances our common goal, because the future belongs to those who innovate. Innovation is what creates value. It creates a competitive advantage. It drives forward economies, and we can, I think, help each other's economies and help our citizens by cooperating in innovation. And this is what we're going to sign right here upstairs.

In addition, I think there are many, many other areas – in AI, in cyber, in trade, in tourism. We already have a sizable number of Israeli tourists visiting Slovenia. There'll be more. I hope to visit you one day as well, and I hope it's not in the distant future. And we look forward to using your port in the Adriatic Sea, Koper, to have it as an entry point for Israeli products to Europe as well. We are well under way going in that direction.

I want to thank you for designating Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. Of course it is. I also want to thank you for your support in international forums. And I want to tell you that we in Israel, in Jerusalem, are very excited to host you and your delegation. I think, again, this will be something people will look back and they'll see what they call an inflection point. This is the beginning of a new dawn. So welcome. Welcome, friend, to Jerusalem."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"We've just signed the Abraham Accords, and country after country is joining the peace agreement that we have and the normalization agreements that we have with the United Arab Emirates, with Bahrain, with Sudan. Others are coming in.

This is a new reality, completely different from what is commonly thought of in the foreign ministries and chancelleries of Europe. And some of our European friends already get it. I'm glad you've always seen it.

An Emirati has bought Beitar Jerusalem, which is our, one of our well-known soccer teams. It tells you how things are changing so rapidly.

I hope that you can facilitate, in your role in the EU presidency, to have the EU understand that this is a different world and there are different opportunities, different alliances for the good, for the better."
