Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_conference020720

Following is Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's statement to the media, this evening, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem: "Citizens of Israel, the corona crisis is continuing to hit the world. Every day there are almost 200,000 new cases around the world. There are many countries in which the number went down, and then climbed up again for various reasons. This great storm claims many lives, strikes at health, hurts the economy and hurts daily routine. There were those here who took this lightly. They said that the virus would go away on its own, but it has not gone away. They said 'In summer, the heat will eliminate the virus.' However, reality has proven this assumption to be baseless. Summer is here and so is the virus in a big way unfortunately. In recent weeks we have taken various steps to open up the economy. I ascribe vast importance to resuming economic activity. However, I repeatedly emphasized that the opening of the economy is conditional on strict adherence to the health directives: Wear a mask, maintain distance and be strict about hygiene. I also said that it was likely that we would have to get used to a corona routine. I likened it to playing an accordion. Depending on the situation, you open the restrictions and as per developments you close it again. This is the corona routine; this is the accordion routine. In Israel, as in many countries, we are constantly looking for the midpoint – to achieve as few infections as possible and on the other to refrain, as much as we can, from hurting the economy. I know that there has been damage. I know that many have been hurt. I know that many are crying out for help and I am working for you around the clock and with redoubled energy. Recently, to reassure the economy and your livelihoods, we extended the eligibility for unemployment benefits, we added around NIS 2 billion for businesses, especially small businesses, in addition to the immediate containment and supportive measures that we have taken since the start of the crisis such as stipends, grants and loans of various types to businesses, of all kinds. Beyond this, in the coming days, I intend to submit an economic assistance package for the next six months. I call it an 'economic corona kit.' It will provide a safety net, and much greater certainty. That is a critical word – much greater certainty for employment and income. We will not look after you until some date in the near future but rather we will provide breathing space in which you know that there is a protective net, a minimal safety net for business owners, the self-employed, wage earners and those seeking work – during the period in which we are dealing with the coronavirus. I also intend to do something else. I also intend to see to it that the Finance Ministry brings the money to you as quickly as possible, without bureaucracy, without delays. I have also been working on this a lot in recent days. I believe that together, with united forces, we can put the Israeli economy back on the excellent track it was on, and moreover, in the end, when we overcome the coronavirus, we will bring it to new heights. I reiterate: This is in our hands, citizens of Israel. This is in all of our hands. If we adhere to the rules – masks, distance, hands, we will, with G-d's help, overcome the virus. The key to this is to combine personal and mutual responsibility. So much for the economic issue. Now I would like to discuss the health issue. At the start of the week, we had 450 new cases and today we have almost 1,000 new cases. The previous record, on March 31, was 738 new cases and today we are almost at 1,000. From Sunday until today, only a few days' time, the overall number of cases has risen by over 100%, and the number of severe cases has risen by 50%. Whoever says 'But there are no severe cases', at the beginning it was like this, but the number is catching up with the number of infected. There could be several explanations for this, explanations having to do with ages and infection from younger people to older people. I will not get into all of the theories now but these figures are sharp, clear and do not leave us with any choice. We must return to a policy of restrictions in order to re-flatten the curve. Other countries as well, much bigger countries than us, are adopting restrictions. They are also opening and closing. In the US – Texas, Florida and California; in Australia, whose Prime Minister I spoke with this morning, in the state of Victoria, with over 5 million people, they have imposed closures. We are trying not to do that and I want to tell you, citizens of Israel: The easiest thing to do would be to leave the situation as is, everything open, everyone apparently satisfied, but if we do this, we will very quickly lose control because the rate is exponential, geometric. What seems to you reasonable now would become thousands and tens of thousands of new cases. We cannot go there. If we do not take action, in another week we will have a record number of cases that includes more and more severe cases – and I do not want to reach the same hermetic shutdown that we were in. Leadership means calling it like it is, the unvarnished truth. And this is the truth: We must change direction, now. The virus could not care less about us. When it has the opportunity, it attacks. Therefore, we need to act like a battlefield commander. When the enemy changes position, one cannot remain with the old plan. We cannot close our eyes. The battle plan must change and adapt itself to the enemy. Because we understand that the greatest potential for infection stems from social gatherings in closed spaces, we have decided this evening, in a special Cabinet meeting that I convened, on restrictions on gatherings at events in closed spaces: In event halls, bars and clubs – up to 50 people. Other social gatherings in closed areas – up to 20 people, this includes in homes. We know what happens when people gather, dance and sing – they infect each other and afterwards younger people infect older people who infect the elderly. We need both personal and mutual responsibility. As of now we are not changing anything regarding places of work, commerce, malls, hotels, tourism and transportation. These are important to the Israeli economy because these places and installations work according to a special standard – in accordance with the rules of the purple badge that we have already enacted. But we are talking about the same places, events and gatherings, and the Health Minister will go into details presently. I know that this is neither simple nor easy but it is up to us. At the same time, in recent days there have also been rays of hope. Israel is an innovation nation. I do not want to make promises but there has been an interesting development in the fight and effort to reach a vaccine and also in the work on advanced drugs. The innovation nation has enlisted in the fight against the coronavirus. We are facing a prolonged challenge but our people and our state have proven so many times in the past that they are up to any challenge. The coronavirus, as of now, is not going to be resolved in one go. This is a tough battle that will take time. But I know the great forces that are latent within us. The Israeli spirit is fearless. It is strong. It is mighty. As we will read in this week's Torah portion [Numbers 23:24]: 'Behold a people that rises up as a lioness, and as a lion it lifts itself up.' Together we will meet the challenge and together we will be victorious."
