Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_education270420

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, chaired a large meeting on the various alternatives for gradually returning the educational system to routine. He directed the Education Ministry to prepare for the gradual reopening of educational institutions and kindergartens starting on Sunday, 3 May 2020, on condition that the morbidity data ahead of Sunday does not indicate a worsening trend. On Friday, 1 May 2020, an assessment will be held in the framework of which it is anticipated that final approval will be given for a gradual reopening of the education system in accordance with updated morbidity data and the findings of the Gertner report on infection among children, which is due to be presented to the Prime Minister and ministers in the coming days. According to the first stage of the plan, kindergarten children ages 0-6 are expected to return to class in small groups on separate days. Pupils in grades 1-3 will learn in small groups of up to 15 pupils, Sunday-Thursday. Final details will be issued later. Prime Minister Netanyahu directed Interior Minister Aryeh Deri and the National Security Council to agree on the format regarding "red" communities with high morbidity and rates of infection. In order to increase the number of learning groups, the feasibility of enlisting education students and integrating them in the educational teams will be evaluated. Restoring the education system to activity will depend on several factors among which are learning in small and regular classrooms, regular educational teams (and not from at-risk populations), continued remote learning (for children who are unable to attend classes) and the strict maintenance of the rules of distancing and hygiene. Children from at-risk populations will not be integrated; neither will those children with family members – who live with them – from at-risk populations. Also attending the discussion were Education Minister Rafi Peretz, Health Minister Yaakov Litzman, Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon, Labor, Social Affairs and Social Services Minister Ofir Akunis, Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, Interior Minister Aryeh Deri, Deputy Finance Minister Yitzhak Cohen, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, Education Ministry Director General Shmuel Abuav, Health Ministry Director General Moshe Bar Siman Tov, Prime Minister's Office Director General Ronen Peretz, Finance Ministry Director General Shai Babad, Labor, Social Affairs and Social Services Ministry Director General Dr. Avigdor Kaplan, Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit, Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Amir Yaron, Finance Ministry Budget Director Shaul Meridor, National Economic Council head Prof. Avi Simhon, Health Ministry Public Health Service Director Prof. Sigal Sadetsky and other senior officials and academics.
