Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_vaccine221120

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting, today :

"Over the weekend, we brought another achievement in the fight against the coronavirus. We reached an understanding with AstraZeneca for the acquisition of millions of vaccines for the citizens of Israel. I note that this joins the agreements that we have reached with Pfizer and Moderna for the supply of millions of other vaccines for the State of Israel.

Our policy is to bring as many vaccines as possible from as many sources as possible, for as many citizens as possible as quickly as possible. Every Israeli citizen who so desires will be able to be vaccinated. The rule that we have determined is – being over-prepared is better than being under-prepared."

"Today I am submitting for Cabinet approval the decision to remove the obstacles standing in the way of employing new immigrants in the medical professions. We must endeavor to assist immigrants in integrating into the labor market in Israel. This proposal utilizes the employment potential of new immigrants in the field of medicine. We have been fighting for this for many years. There is no reason why people who come from France, for example, from an excellent health system that is among the most advanced in the world, and the bureaucratic obstacles are bureaucratic obstacles and nothing more.

Of course, this decision will also contribute to the state. There will be more who work in medicine in Israel, a field which is always important, but especially in these days."

"Today I am submitting to the Cabinet the recommendations of the steering committee that we established on defining national preference areas in areas in which there is a high proportion of illegal migrants. These areas will receive significant benefits including an additional NIS 20 million to strengthen them. I know that the residents in these areas have waited for this decision for a very long time, the council heads as well, and I am pleased that it is now being put into practice. I thank the ministries that assisted in this."

"Today, the Cabinet is expected to approve another important decision: A visa-exemption agreement between Israel and the UAE. This is the first Arab country with which we have signed such an agreement and this is a step that will facilitate reciprocal tourism. Of course, this will develop and strengthen ties between the countries as well as economic links. I believe that every citizen of Israel, the entire world, sees the great change that we are bringing to our region in every field. Perhaps you have not noticed because it did not receive major media coverage, but last week the Foreign Minister of Bahrain – a country that we did not have official relations with – visited here, in the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem. This is an immense change. Last week, Sudan, for the first time, abstained in a vote against Israel at the UN, after it has traditionally voted against us. These are signs of what is to come, and not only in these fields. I hope that we will always have more and more good news.

Lastly, today we are marking the passing of the late David Ben-Gurion, the first Prime Minister of the State of Israel. Ben-Gurion has the fundamental merits of the historic decision to establish, and proclaim the establishment of, the State of Israel. He did this in the face of not inconsiderable internal opposition. This decision almost did not pass. He had tremendous merit in determining Jerusalem as our capital and the basic infrastructures in so many areas that served the development of the State of Israel. May his memory be blessed."
