Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona011220

Prime Minister Netanyahu visited the 'National Coronavirus Enforcement Authority', together with Public Security Minister Amir Ohana, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, Israel Police Acting Insp.-Gen. Motti Cohen and 'Magen Yisrael' director Prof. Nachman Ash, in order to closely monitor the enforcement of the restrictions by the Israel Police.

Prime Minister Netanyahu was briefed by senior police commanders on enforcement of the restrictions throughout the country.

Prime Minister Netanyahu following the visit:

"I must say that I am impressed by the great effort by the police. The meeting between a policeman and a citizen or a business owner is a difficult one, and I would like to express appreciation for the efforts that you are making under conditions that are not easy. Nevertheless, we must tighten and improve enforcement, and we spoke about this today. We spoke about several main axes. We want to concentrate our enforcement and action efforts on the axes from which morbidity originates. At the moment, it is concentrated in several communities and in several places and we want to concentrate special efforts on them.

First, those going to and leaving Turkey, which is a red country, we are working to reduce or prevent this.

Second, Arab citizens of Israel are going to Judea and Samaria, which is a very strongly infected area, and they come back and pass on the infection; therefore, we must find the means that we spoke about in order to reduce this contact.

Third, there are individuals who violate the quarantine and go out and infect entire communities. We are concentrating this effort. I also spoke with police officers about this effort. There are several other axes that we are dealing with in order to concentrate our efforts in places that are spreading the virus. This means tightening the cordons. There are red communities and there is a problem of how to cordon them. This is not so much a police problem as it is a legal one that we are trying to resolve. If necessary, we will go to legislation on this matter.

These are the main things that I saw here. I was impressed by the good work that is being done. I also directed and unified, together with my friends here, the effort on the axes that can reduce morbidity."

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks, today, following his visit to the 'National Coronavirus Enforcement Authority':

"There is a great success in our management here. Our level of morbidity is lower than in most developed countries, the OECD countries; therefore, there has also been a great success here. However, on the other hand, there is another challenge here: We are active – and I am active – both today and last night. The head of the National Security Council and I spoke at 01:30 this morning about additional vaccines and advancing vaccines that we will be bringing, apparently in the coming weeks, for the State of Israel and I even hope that it will surprise.

But this is not the end of the coronavirus. We cannot enter here an end-of-coronavirus atmosphere, an atmosphere of complacency, of thinking that this is behind us. We are making progress. We are bringing it. However, we still need the cooperation of the public alongside our focused enforcement efforts in order to control the disease. Therefore, we will do what is necessary in order to do so.

We are more successful than most countries but we still have additional efforts which are progressing on three things – the common fight against the coronavirus, bringing the vaccines and economic assistance to businesses and citizens."
