Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_shiba011120

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the conclusion of his visit to Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer, where clinical trials have begun on the coronavirus vaccine developed at the Israel Institute for Biological Research (IIBR):

"I came with the Defense Minister, Health Minister, the Deputy Health Minister and the Health Ministry Director General. First, I would like to thank you – Prof. Kreiss and the excellent doctors here as well the entire medical team at Sheba. I visited here in February and even then I was impressed by the dedicated care that you provided to those from the ship who came here.

At that time, I asked the IIBR to move forward on the possibility of producing an Israeli vaccine, a vaccine of the State of Israel, in order to inoculate the citizens of Israel. Since then we have experienced waves. With the first wave, we were among the first countries to declare a lockdown and close the borders of the country, and we came out of it well.

We are now experiencing the second wave. We were practically the first country in the world that again used a lockdown; even as we are now exiting, the countries of Europe are entering lockdowns amidst a very harsh wave. You have seen that Boris Johnson declared a lockdown in Britain yesterday as Macron did previously in France, as was also done in Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands and many other countries. Almost all of Europe is now entering some kind of lockdown. At a time that we are leaving, they are entering, and we wish them all success.

There is another transition and there are more stages. These stages require us to take measured steps that the Corona Cabinet has decided upon, and I know that this entails hardship especially for street merchants. We will help in every way so that they might exit in an optimal manner, without risking their health and that of the citizens of Israel, and we will do likewise with the rest of the population.

The true exit from the coronavirus crisis is in the development of vaccines. Therefore, this is a very important day, a day that gives a shot of encouragement. We just met Segev, a 26-year-old Israeli man, who volunteered to be the first on the frontline, and receive the experimental vaccine that was developed here by the talented scientists at the IIBR. We wish success during these and the latter stages. With G-d's help, we will have a vaccine made here in Israel. This is a very big thing.

At the same time, we are working with the major pharmaceutical companies, through the Health Ministry, in order to bring vaccines here, and I personally am using my connections with world leaders so that we will be able to receive their production here, not at the end of the line but at the front. I have spoken about this with my friend US Vice President Mike Pence, who is dealing with this issue in the US, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, with Indian leader Narendra Modi, with Russian President Vladimir Putin, with Italian Prime Minister Conte and with others, which I will yet tell you about.

What is important is that with this or that means, with the independent production that has been developed here or through the importing of vaccines from abroad, we will bring enough vaccines for all citizens of Israel. Then we will be able, at long last, with G-d's help, to be free of the pandemic. I do not think that this will happen immediately but I do tell you that I already see the light at the end of the tunnel – I see vaccines in the State of Israel. Therefore, I have one request, that you still listen to the rules of the Health Ministry and the Corona Cabinet that are for the citizens of Israel. This is to safeguard your lives and your health. Above all, wear masks over the nose and mouth."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"I would like to again thank you, Prof. Shapira, and the entire IIBR team. We will continue to support you. We will provide budgets, you will provide the regulation, what is necessary, not more, but we will advance this unique thing.

The main thing that needs to be understood – there are vaccines. We will obtain vaccines for the citizens of Israel, from local production and also from imports, but afterwards, I have already ordered that an enterprise for the permanent production of vaccines be established in the State of Israel. This enterprise will not be on a for-profit basis, it will be a supported agency, so that we have this capability, just as we do with F-16 squadrons or any other thing that is essential for our national security.

Therefore, we will pass through another stage, not only in developing scientific capabilities but in developing industrial capabilities, so that Israel will have among the most advanced production capabilities in the world.

We are a great country in spirit and in deed but we a small country. However, we have abilities in certain areas that only a handful of countries have, in cyber for example, and in other fields. We will have such a capability in the production of vaccines as well. With G-d's help, we will do and we will succeed."
