Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_ceremony211220

Prime Minister Netanyahu and US Senior Presidential Advisor Jared Kushner participated in a tree-planting ceremony with at the Grove of Nations in the Jerusalem Forest.

Also participating in the ceremony were US Assistant to the President for International Negotiations Avi Berkowitz, US International Development Finance Corporation CEO Adam S. Boehler and US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We are here in the Grove of Nations for the planting of eighteen olive trees. Now the numerical value of the Hebrew letters for eighteen is chai, which means life, and the olive branch is a traditional symbol of life and peace. It is fitting that we choose to honor Jared Kushner in this way. Jared, you've played a critical role in the inception and in the implementation of the Abraham Accords. These accords have shown the world, and the entire Middle East of course, how to shed hostility and conflict and how to embrace the path of life and peace.

In the last few months, four Arab states have chosen life and peace over hostility and conflict and more Arab countries will follow as the circle of peace continues to expand.

From here today, tomorrow you go with my special representative Meir Ben-Shabbat to see the King of Morocco. Please give him my warmest regards and the regards of the entire people of Israel for the brave and important historic decision that he has made, again under the leadership of President Trump and your important personal role in making these things happen.

You have left through the Abraham Accords a mark on our region Jared. I don't think it's a passing mark. I don't think the seasonal rains will wash it away. I think it's here to stay. It's a great thing and something that we truly treasure.

So in planting the Kushner Garden of Peace as a permanent presence in this Grove of Nations we will ensure that future generations will know what your contribution has been.

I personally want to express my deep affection and my appreciation for the fact that the young teenager who I met many years ago, in fact in your house, has grown to be a man of stature who has helped change the history of our region and the history of Israel. Thank you, Jared."

KKL-JNF Chairman Avraham Duvdevani chanted the prayer that is commonly chanted by those who plant trees on Tu B'Shvat and which deals with making the wilderness bloom and developing the State of Israel.
