Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_business100720

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Yisrael Katz, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with representatives of the self-employed and business owners. Among those in attendance were – inter alia – Israel Chamber of Independent Organizations and Businesses President Roi Cohen, self-employed representative Talia Laufer Epstein, Chamber of Tax Advisers President Yaron Gindi, Hotel and Event Hall Association Chairman Noam Levy, Restaurant and Bar Association Director General Shai Braverman and senior representatives of the performing arts sector. At the substantive and positive meeting, Prime Minister Netanyahu directed the immediate establishment of a forum of roundtables with representatives of the self-employed and business owners in order to resolve the issues that were raised. The Prime Minister determined that the forum would convene again next week in order to update on the progress in resolving the issues that were raised at the meeting. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting: "It was important for me to meet with you today. We are holding a continual dialogue. We brought a gigantic plan. I think that it is clear to you that all countries are making a supreme effort; we are also making a supreme effort. We will meet our commitments including hastening the immediate payments that we want to give you. The State of Israel has never made these steps because we have never been in such a situation. Therefore, we will do this, and we will do other things if need be, so that nobody falls between the cracks. This is important to us. We want to look after the self-employed sector and do so in such a manner that they will be able to live honorably, and organize for the future, to give certainty for an entire year. I want to continue listening to you because the dialogue with you greatly helped us to pass the first plan and there is no doubt that it will also be important in the future." Finance Minister Yisrael Katz: "Your pain is an understandable pain, and the concerns are also understandable. From all of these meetings were born clauses and words, and I think that a plan was formulated, which is your plan – everyone with what he represents, according to the levels of difficulty. The plan is comprehensive and it will be submitted to the Cabinet we hope on Monday and it will be brought before the Knesset next week for legislation, for the advance. And here the Prime Minister has acted – he wants the advance in the account already in the coming days." Also in attendance were the head of the Prime Minister's Staff Asher Hayon, Prime Minister's Office Director General Ronen Peretz, National Economic Council head Avi Simhon, Finance Ministry Budget Director Shaul Meridor, Israel Tax Authority head Aran Yaakov and other officials.
