Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start190120

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: “This week, we will welcome many leaders from around the world. They are coming to Jerusalem to attend the events marking the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz. Among the leaders I will meet with are US Vice President Mike Pence, Russian President Vladimir Putin, French President Emanuel Macron. I will discuss with them about Iran, various developments in the region and the strengthening of relations between the countries. In these 75 years, since the liberation of Auschwitz, our people have made a very long journey. We left the death pits and founded our state. We have brought it the best decade in its history and we are marching it toward unprecedented achievements. However, of course, on this long journey, we will never forget our brothers and sisters who perished in the fires of the Holocaust. It is on their behalf and in their memory that we are working to ensure the continuity of Israel. About a year ago, I invited President Putin to the dedication ceremony for the monument in memory of those who were killed in the siege of Leningrad and I am happy that he has accepted my invitation. This week, during his visit, we will dedicate the monument in Jerusalem, here in Sachar Park. I also spoke with President Putin regarding Naama Issachar and I hope that on the occasion of the visit, we will also hear good news soon. Today, we will approve the basket of medicines for Israel. The basket of medicines of Israel stands at around NIS 12 billion. It is recognized as among the most advanced in the world – in both size and technology. Today we will add another NIS 500 million to this basket. This is an important achievement for the health system. I commend Health Minister Litzman, Finance Minister Kahlon and the members of the committee. The members of the committee made very hard decisions. It is very difficult to discuss matters of life and death. What is included and what is not – there are no more difficult decisions than these. I think that they made brave and correct decisions, and I want to thank them for their important work. Last week we began to send gas to Egypt. We have turned Israel into an energy power. Over the years, together with Minister Yuval Steinitz, we struggled for the gas outline against the opinion of others, some of whom still champion leaving the gas under the sea. Now, we have the privilege of seeing the results – Israel is exporting energy. Who would have believed it? We believed. We believed, we fought and we achieved. This means that billions of shekels will be channeled to the benefit of the citizens of Israel in health, education, social services and many other fields. This is a very important achievement. This is a singular economic and diplomatic event because it is of very great importance and is an alliance that Israel has, in effect, initiated in the Middle East and is also spreading itself to the Arab world and into Europe. This is certainly a historic precedent in the annals of the state. Today, I am submitting for Cabinet approval a NIS 22 million budget for preparing land for agriculture and for agricultural; equipment for farmers from Tzofar. This budget will allow the farmers to continue their work. In addition, I am submitting for Cabinet approval today a NIS 30 million allocation to Nahariya for repairing flood damage. I was there last week on a visit that was doubly moving. First was the visit to the Ben-Shabbat family that was in mourning over the death of a genuine hero, Motti Ben-Shabbat, who, near his home, rescued a family and children and paid with his life. Second, we had a moving visit with Mayor Ronen Marelli and saw the damage in Nahariya. We are committed to dealing with this. Initially, we must provide first aid, quick repairs. I asked Prime Minister’s Office Acting Director General Ronen Peretz to prepair this plan and to my joy, my ministerial colleagues – Interior Minister Aryeh Deri, Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon, the Housing and Construction Minister, the Energy Minister and the Environmental Protection Minister – have responded. It is very important to rebuild Nahariya. The problem is not just giving first aid. We must deal with the root of the flooding problem and the only way to do this, and we will do it later on, is to approve the construction of reservoirs that will finally prevent these floods from recurring. Thus, the plan will not only help Nahariya in the short term, the immediate term, but will allow it to strengthen and grow without encountering these problems again and again. The last item I wish to discuss is related to the Hebrew language. I want you to know that I have an emotional connection to the topic because my father, who was born in 1910 to a Lithuanian family that had spent several years in Warsaw, studied Hebrew. The language that he knew how to speak was Hebrew, a Hebrew that I find difficult to understand today, not because it was archaic, but because it was so refined. But, note that it was 1910. The revival of the Hebrew language had begun several decades earlier, especially with the work of Eliezer Ben-Yehuda, but not only him. Other Jewish authors and scholars worked to revive it. This activity renewed the Hebrew language and put it on the path to a new era. When I was a little boy, my brother Yoni and I used to visit Prof. Klaussner. I eventually discovered that he invented words that I used, such as chultza [shirt] and other words that we used. The man that you saw invented them; they were not invented 1,000 or 2,000 years ago. This is not a word from the Tanakh. This is a word that this man invented himself; this was a huge contribution to a revival that is unparalleled in the history of peoples. Therefore, I think that today, whenever we mark Hebrew Language Day, we are, in effect, marking the revival of the Jewish people, which was, I should say, a singular and fundamental part of our revival.”
