Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona_eco050320

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister’s Office in Jerusalem, chaired a follow-up discussion, on preparations for dealing with the economic implications of the coronavirus, with the participation of the Finance and Industry and Economy ministers, as well as the Governor of the Bank of Israel, the head of the National Security Council and ministry director generals. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the discussion: “In light of the guidelines that we issued yesterday from the staff that is dealing with the coronavirus, I request that you all follow the instructions that were issued by the Health Ministry. While I greatly appreciate the Maccabi Tel Aviv basketball team, I condemn the fact that they did not follow the instructions and violated them. We are thus putting many citizens at risk of infection. Honor the instructions. This meeting is a follow-up discussion on how we are dealing with the economic challenge posed by the corona. First, I will give the good news. The good news is that the Israeli economy is in good – even very good – shape. We are starting this crisis with a very strong economy. Of course, this is true regarding almost all western countries. The not-good news is that nobody knows how this epidemic will spread, where it will go and the economic price that it will exact. Therefore, we are prepared for what has already happened and for what could happen. The first step that I declare today is that by Sunday, the Finance Minister will establish an emergency cash flow assistance fund for businesses that are essential for the functioning of the economy. The next step will be that as the crisis develops, the Finance Ministry – in coordination with the Bank of Israel – will propose measures for cash flow assistance for businesses in distress due to the crisis. I think that we are dealing with this crisis vis-à-vis both health and the economy in the best way. However, this is not to say that we do not face major challenges. On this issue as well, I ask that companies, businessmen and women, and business owners act in coordination with government ministries, follow instructions and be prepared.”
