Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_discussion_corona080320

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, held a discussion and assessment on the Coronavirus, with the participation of Health Minister Yaakov Litzman, Interior Minister Aryeh Deri, Economy and Industry Minister Eli Cohen, National Security Council (NSC) head Meir Ben-Shabbat, Health Ministry Director General Moshe Bar Siman Tov, Finance Ministry Director General Shai Babad, Foreign Ministry Director General Yuval Rotem and other officials.

Following the discussion, Prime Minister Netanyahu, Health Minister Litzman and Health Ministry Director General Bar Siman Tov issued statements to the press.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

I spoke several hours ago with my friend US Vice President Pence. I wanted to thank President Trump and Vice President Pence for their extraordinary cooperation with Israel. They have perhaps the finest people in the world dealing with this: Deborah Birx who we spoke to today, the heads of the CDC. These are exceptional people. We can learn a lot from them and we deeply appreciate the opportunity to cooperate, especially on the technological solutions for widespread screening and perhaps to get as soon as we can to home screening. I think this will change the situation, not only for the United States and for Israel, but for the world. I’m deeply grateful for this cooperation that is so important for the State of Israel and for many, many others.

[Translated from the Hebrew]

One of the things that you know, for example, pregnancy tests and certain throat culture tests – people can do themselves and this gives us the ability to separate and make the separation, between sick people and healthy people, not 100% but a high percentage. This is also good for health for preventing infections and whoever needs to be isolated – will be isolated and whoever does not need to be can go out. This is also good for health and for the economy. This is one emphasis; there are others.

Tomorrow, we set a meeting with our senior technological experts who are dealing with this subject and with the professional team from Health Ministry and the other relevant government ministries. At 14:00 tomorrow, we set a professional meeting on these technological issues with Dr. Birx's American team. She has greatly praised our national readiness. She said that the State of Israel is enacting a national policy – they see that things are very much under control and she commended that we have a national strategy.

Regarding the question of imposing a quarantine requirement, first of all we are taking action as we understand it and according to our needs, and everyone accepts this, clearly the US as well. The steps that we have taken up until today have proven themselves because we really are in a situation of control, and the spread of the disease is of a much lower scope. We see a sharp increase in many other countries and we reached the conclusion that if we need to take other steps, this will, in effect, be applied to all countries. There is no reason to do this in a small way. But on the other hand, this decision is very difficult. We discussed this at length today and we will discuss it tonight as well. The head of the NSC is holding follow-up consultations with professional people, tomorrow morning as well, and we will make a decision during the course of the day tomorrow.

If we do this, there are questions here, if there will be exceptions, if essential routes will be left, etc. We are not talking about closing our gates. We are only discussing requiring quarantine for whoever arrives in the country, returning Israelis or foreign nationals coming to the country. As I stated, this is not a simple decision.

Health takes precedence, over everything, this is life itself. But health also ensures the economy. It must be understood that in such a situation, health ensures the economy because it is clear to you that if there is a very major outbreak of the disease, it will be very difficult to maintain the economy. Of course, this is still a difficult decision but that is why we are here.

I must say that we also know that we are taking away the livelihood of more than a few people. We understand how hard this is. It is harder than being at home for two weeks, and I am looking for the maximum space that people can go out into their yards and can be in spaces in which they do not infect others. Here as well we are giving detailed instructions and you will hear more about this later. Citizens of Israel, I understand that this is difficult for you but I must say that your response has been impressive. It is impressive on a global scale and it is saving lives. I thank you for following the instructions from the Health Ministry and the Health Ministry Director General; these are life-saving directives."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"We are working in three spheres. First of all, on the national sphere. The teams that are working in the Health Ministry and all the professional medical, research, and government teams are doing very serious, methodical, sophisticated and not simple work. This is hard decision-making but it is being done.

The second thing, of course, is international cooperation. I told you today about perhaps the most important cooperation with the US government that is really leading not only an American but a global effort and this is important. Tomorrow I will also hold a conference call with the leaders of countries in Europe. Later, I intend to try and coordinate a conference call with leaders of countries in the Middle East as well. We are in the Middle East. These then are the international and the national spheres.

In the end, I would like to say a word to the people. In every appearance of mine, I reiterate and tell you to take the simplest steps. First, do not go around without tissues, always have them in your pocket.

The second and last thing, avoid shaking hands. I once played soccer, then if you want to touch shoes that is also possible. In my youth, I even learned Tae Kwon Do, then you can touch elbows – but avoid shaking hands."

Attached photo credit: Koby Gideon (GPO)
