Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start120720

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks, today, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting: “Last Thursday, I announced – together with the Finance Minister – an economic safety net for the coming year. Today, we will submit the first step of this plan to the Cabinet. We will declare an immediate advance to the self-employed and controlling shareholders. This support, this grant, is not dependent on legislation and we have instructed that it be put into effect today. The button will be pressed and the money will reach accounts in the coming days. At the end of my remarks, I request that Aran Yaakov from the Tax Authority brief us on how this will be carried out. I also intend to closely monitor the implementation. Tomorrow, we will submit the rest of the plan to the Cabinet; it will also reach the Knesset and undergo a lightning legislative process in cooperation – I am sure – with all members of the coalition. This plan will provide wage earners, the self-employed and business owners with certainty for the coming year, for the next 12 months, money directly to the account. I must say that on Friday, I again met with business owners and company representatives and I heard their needs and the problems that have arisen in the field, especially their concern that there will be so many elements and people that will fall between the cracks. For this need and to have an ongoing dialogue, I directed the immediate establishment of a joint forum, roundtables, together with the self-employed, together with the business owners so that we can resolve the problems. Together with you, I intend to maximum cooperation. This is what we need at the moment, for all of us to work to support this important plan. Each one in their own ministry will ease the bureaucracy and assist the independent businesses. We can overcome the coronavirus or at least bring Israel to an economic and health routine that enables us to live in a reasonable manner in the coming year. This is the goal; this is the first step.”
