Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start231220

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting, today:

"We are making progress in giving vaccines to the citizens of Israel at a very rapid pace. I would like to offer heartfelt thanks to the Health Minister, the Director General of the Health Ministry, the people at his ministry and the medical teams. In the past hour it has become clear that we are leading the world in the pace of giving vaccines and since we have brought millions of vaccines we will be able to continue to lead and this is an extraordinary achievement for the State of Israel.

A third wave of the pandemic is striking the entire world with unprecedented strength. Many thousands in Europe and the US are dying on a daily basis. It could be that some of this is connected to the new mutation, or the onset of winter, or both but this is a fact about which there is no debate. With us as well there is a very sharp increase in morbidity even though our mortality and severe morbidity are on a much lower level than in most of these countries. If we do not take immediate action it will not stay this way and there will be a very sharp increase in both severe cases and in deaths. If we delay in taking steps against morbidity and the severe outbreak that we are seeing, we will pay a very heavy price in health, in lives and vis-à-vis the economy.

Now the question is: If there are so many vaccines, why is it necessary to take restrictive measures? This is difficult. We understand that the restrictions are harsh for the citizens of Israel. The answer is that speed here is critical. The disease is doubling itself every few days and the pace of vaccines, rapid as it is, is not doubling itself. It cannot match the crazy speed of the outbreak of the disease. If we do not block it now, we will see an even bigger increase in morbidity. The number of nurses, doctors, paramedics and medics who are injecting the vaccines is not doubling itself every few days; therefore, it is necessary to block the pandemic. Not today – but yesterday. Just as all national governments in the world have understood, there is no other solution. However, with us, our possibility of blocking the disease and emerging from it is apparently the best in the world. If we take the right steps at the right speed, as we did with the first and second waves when we were ahead of the world, while we continue to vaccinate at the most rapid pace in the world, we will emerge from the pandemic first among the nations. To this it is possible to add, with G-d's help and with yours."
