Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_hazor110820

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held a security tour of the Hatzor Air Force Base in which he was briefed by IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Aviv Kochavi and GOC Air Force Maj.-Gen. Amikam Norkin regarding an F-16 squadron. Prime Minister Netanyahu was briefed on Air Force operations in general and Squadron 105 in particular. He also toured an exhibit of Air Force advanced measures and special weaponry, spoke with aircrew, and air defense soldiers who carry out operational activityin times of routine, as well as during special situations and emergencies. Prime Minister Netanyahu after the tour: “I have just finished a briefing and tour at an air force base with the Chief-of-Staff and commander of the air force. The air force operates in a 360-degree radius against the threats to the State of Israel. 95% of these threats originate in Iran. Iran threatens us with nuclear weapons, precision missiles and unguided missiles, with proxies in Lebanon and Gaza, and in other places. I praised the operations of the air force. I would like to make it clear to all of Iran’s proxies, including in Gaza: Balloon terrorism will have a heavy price. We will not tolerate this. We will take action and exact a heavy price. They should remember that we have done this in the past, because we will do it now as well. Moreover, we must pass a budget quickly in order to meet the needs of the squadrons and of the IDF to provide for our defense and to give us offensive capability. Our ability is very high and needs to be higher still. We do not stop for a moment. At the same time, we are fighting the coronavirus. We are also safeguarding the security of Israel everywhere – near and far.” In response to a question about the balloon terrorism, Prime Minister Netanyahu said: “We view this with utmost gravity and you will see the results of this very quickly. It is more important that Hamas and Islamic Jihad see the harsh implications of this ordeal. It will have harsh results and a very heavy price.” Prime Minister Netanyahu added in response to a question about passing a budget: “I do not deal in ultimatums. I think a budget must be passed immediately, for both defense needs and the needs of the country. We need to open the school year, all the complementary classes, all the community centers, all of Project Hila, all of the afternoon daycare, all of the things that families expect – we cannot do this if we wait for a biannual budget in another few months. We need this now. On the other hand, if we pass a budget now for a few months we solve this problem and can then proceed calmly to the 2021 budget.”
