Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_culture090820

At a meeting that was held between Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Finance Minister Yisrael Katz, Health Minister Yuli Edelstein and Culture and Sports Minister Yehiel ("Chili") Tropper, and representatives of the culture sector, it was decided that cultural events will be opened immediately on format of 'capsules' in the open space.

According to the format that was formulated in recent weeks, entry to cultural events will be permitted in the open air, with the venues being divided into capsules of 20 people each. Every performance venue will be approved, on an individual basis, by the Health Ministry.

A format for events in closed spaces will be formulated in the coming weeks.

Prime Minister Netanyahu following the meeting:

"I just met – together with the Culture Minister, the Health Minister and the Finance Minister – with representatives of artists and producers. We made a decision to open events in open spaces, in capsules in a very controlled format. At the same time, we will evaluate the possibility of opening events in closed spaces according to Prof. Gamzu's 'traffic light' plan, which he will submit to us in the coming weeks. In the meantime, we want to move events into open public spaces effective immediately.

This is important news and it will – of course – give encouragement not only to Israeli artists but also to the citizens of Israel."

Culture and Sports Minister Tropper:

"I am very pleased that the world of culture is returning to life. The Prime Minister, Finance Minister, Health Minister and I held an important meeting with artists and it was agreed that, effective immediately, events in open spaces will be able to return. In the coming weeks, a format will be formulated to allow their return in closed spaces as well.

The world of culture is important. It is also good news for the livelihoods of tens of thousands of people who are in desperate straits. It is also important news for millions of Israelis who, in difficult times, will be able to go back to consuming culture."
