Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_beit_shemesh080920

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the Municipality of Beit Shemesh in order to closely monitor the city's readiness for the restrictions in areas with high morbidity. He held a special discussion with Knesset Speaker Yariv Levin, Public Security Minister Amir Ohana, Beit Shemesh Mayor Aliza Bloch, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, 'Magen Yisrael' director Prof. Ronni Gamzu, MK Keti Shitrit, head of staff in the Prime Minister's Bureau Asher Hayun, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary Brig.-Gen. Avi Bluth, IDF Home Front Command commander for the Jerusalem and Central District Col. Itay Levy and other officials. Prime Minister Netanyahu following the visit: "Madam Mayor, I must say that there is no alternative to going into the field. I came here with Minister Amir Ohana, the Speaker of the Knesset and MK Keti Shitrit, a local resident, and I met here with city leaders, Deputy Mayor Moshe Shitrit, and members of the city council. You hear things from people who work here together with representatives of Home Front Command and others. I came out to the field, to Beit Shemesh, which has been defined as a red city, and we spoke about the same thing – how to return it to being a green city during corona, how to deal with their problems even after we will have overcome corona. There is an outstanding team here that is sharp, clear and utterly committed to moving the city forward. This impresses me very much. It also greatly motivates me and my colleagues to help in any way. I came here to embrace and strengthen the residents. I cannot embrace them physically, one must maintain distance here of course, but I have come to embrace you and all citizens of Israel. I know that we are going through difficult times but we will get through it together, if we act together. Why are we doing all these things? For what reason? Apparently, at least according to the main indicators we wanted to deal with, which is the question of the severe cases, the deceased and damage to the economy, we could manage with these things at reasonable levels without demanding these steps, even though the loss of anyone is painful. We certainly made the right decisions regarding the economy. As a result, the Israeli economy, with all the difficulties, contracted by half as much as the economies of Europe which contracted by twice as much. Israel is in a much better economic situation, relative to other countries, even though I am aware of the difficulties. Yesterday, I was in Ramle. I went into two small stores and I asked the people: How can we help you more? And we are going to help you, both small businesses and all citizens of Israel. In regard to the economy, our situation is reasonable but there is still much to improve. In regard to health, on these two indicators, with severe cases our situation is very stable and with mortality, there is an increase, but still in comparison to other countries, sometimes it is 10% or 20% of what we have seen in advanced countries in Israel's situation. What I just said will not be valid forever because the entire world is currently being attacked by a second wave of morbidity. I said yesterday and I reiterate today: Irresponsible politicians who call on the public not to honor the directives, who say not to obey the rules distributed by the Health Ministry or which the police are trying to enforce, are simply leading toward anarchy and much more severe morbidity and also death. I say this to all the leaders but I say it first to the citizens of Israel: We must adhere to the directives of the Health Ministry. This is the necessary condition for success in addition to all of the other steps that we are taking. We are doing many things. Yesterday I was in Ramle at the important operation for cutting the chain of infection at IDF Home Front Command. From here this evening, I am going to a Cabinet meeting at which we will pass an additional NIS 11 billion budget for you, citizens of Israel, for citizens, businesses, the various ministries, and for services. On Thursday we are having a special Cabinet meeting on preparations for the holidays and to determine an outline for the future. Today I heard an important remark that Prof. Gamzu made and we are going to implement it. We will pass responsibilities to you, mayors and local leaders, we will give you more tools. I hope that this will happen within a week so that you will be able to make many of the specific decisions regarding your cities. At IDF Home Front Command yesterday, I gave two directives. The first was to continue improving the ability to cut the chain of infection and the second was to move forward on lightning tests, very rapid tests in very short time, that can be measured not in days or hours but in parts of an hour in order to allow us an exit. With the combination of these steps that will allow us to cut the chain of infection and have rapid tests, which will help us open up the economy and have much better control over the location and quarantine processes, and also due to the reports that I receive about the progress toward a vaccine in very many places, including in Israel, I am certain that we will successfully overcome the coronavirus. Together we will win. There are many problems and there are many more questions. There will be many more challenges. I ask that our directives be followed because that is the only way we will win the war. There is no other way."
