Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_cabinet161120

Prime Minister Netanyahu, today, convened the Corona Cabinet, which decided on the following steps: 1. To expand and streamline the declaration of restricted zones. The time for declaring a red community a restricted zone will be shortened. Stringent enforcement and stricter control will be carried out also in regard to the movement of people to and from the community including for essential needs. 2. To increase assistance to – and impose restrictions on – orange communities as well, including the imposition of nighttime curfews (in addition to those on red communities). 3. To increase fines on those violating the health directives with emphasis on gatherings of any kind, and to complete the legislative procedures. 4. To condition work in certain areas (with emphasis on work with customers) on carrying out frequent tests. Staff work will be prepared on the issue. 5. Ministers Elkin and Shai will submit recommendations for using digital tools in streamlining efforts to cut chains of infection. Education * On Tuesday, 24 November, the education system will resume frontal classes in grades 5 and 6. * One week later, grades 11 and 12 will reopen. The above will apply in green and yellow communities only and is contingent on oversight and monitoring by the Education Ministry control center to rapidly locate new cases and contacts and to cut chains of infection. Procedures will also be advanced to allow the testing of education staff including the determination of routines necessary for testing. Green islands for tourism Eilat and the Dead Sea tourism area will be allowed to hold a special activity routine that allows for the operation of hotels and tourism according to the "green islands for tourism" plan. Commerce A. Open shopping centers (such as the "Big" chain) will open as of tomorrow (Tuesday, 17 November), according to the conditions that have been determined for stores on the street. B. Health Ministry representatives, together with representatives from the Finance and Economy ministries, and representatives from the malls, will formulate a format for a reduced trial opening, on a pilot basis, that allows for effective supervision of compliance with Health Ministry directives and the reduction of contacts and gatherings. The experiment will also evaluate markets. A date for opening malls will depend on the success of the pilot and the general level of morbidity. It was also decided that the Health Ministry will formulate recommendations on additional steps to lower the level of morbidity and present them forthwith. The Cabinet noted that should morbidity significantly increase – measures to ease restrictions will be rescinded.
