Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_corona_cabinet291020

Prime Minister Netanyahu convened the Corona Cabinet.

Pursuant to previous decisions by the ministerial committee on coronavirus affairs (the Corona Cabinet), in the framework of which the outline, and control indices for managing the outline, have been approved, the Cabinet decided (in principle; a vote will be required on the regulations that will be formulated, and submitted for Cabinet approval, by the Health Ministry) as follows:

On Sunday, 1 November 2020, the second stage of the exit plan will begin, including:

Grades 1-4 will be open according to the outline issued earlier yesterday.

Also, one-on-one treatments (barbershops/hair salons, cosmetics and the like), complementary medicine, B&Bs for nuclear families (without dining rooms and swimming pools), and houses of worship (up to ten people in structures and 20 outside) will be allowed.

Regulations on the foregoing will be submitted for Cabinet approval later today (Friday, 30 October 2020) and will take effect on Sunday morning, 1 November 2020.

It was also decided:

1. To adopt the recommendation to reduce the outline to six stages.

2. The content of the stages will be as detailed in the integrated proposal submitted by the National Security Council, except in the field of education.

3. According to the stages and the process for resuming activity of the education system (following the upcoming stage which has already been agreed upon), staff work will be carried out and a separate recommendation will be presented by the inter-ministerial team with the participation of the Education, Health, Finance and Higher Education ministries, and the Prime Minister's Office.

4. Regarding commerce, opening stores on the street only (retail trade, not shopping centers, outdoor markets, etc.) will be permitted from Sunday, 8 November 2020, on condition that agreement is reached between the Health and Finance ministries, on the lowering of morbidity risks and the easing of monitoring for patrons. The foregoing is provided that morbidity data does not deviate from the indices that have been determined for the second stage of the exit plan.

5. If, prior to 8 November 2020, the decline in morbidity reaches a weekly average of 500 new cases a day (or lower), it will be possible to bring forward the opening.
