Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_joint_statemen070620

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Finance Minister Yisrael Katz decided to permanently cancel NIS 1.45 billion worth of duties and purchase taxes on a broad range of products. They also agreed on 35 days' unemployment eligibility for those who are entitled.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"The Finance Minister and I held discussions and reached two agreements to ease restrictions on the public at this time. First is the extension of eligibility for those who are receiving unemployment benefits. Second is relief on duties on a range of products – cellular telephones, clothing, footwear and others. The goal here is to get the economy moving, get the wheels turning and ease restrictions for you, citizens of Israel."

Finance Minister Katz:

"Alongside the major plan that we are leading and which we have put in motion to provide incentives for the return of millions of unemployed to work, we also sought to do those things that would make it easier for the public in the interim. The most important thing the Prime Minister said is to extend the eligibility for unemployment benefits for young people to give everyone an extra month while the economy was closed. We will add this month for them so that when their unemployment benefits are about to run out, they will receive an extra month. This is good news for hundreds of thousands of people."

As per the recommendation of the professional echelon, counting the days for unemployment benefits will begin on 19 April 2020, and not 15 March 2020. Therefore, the number of unemployment days will not include the period during which economic activity was under significant restrictions due to the corona crisis. As a result, the eligibility period will be extended in accordance with the existing eligibility rules by around 35 days.

The Prime Minister and the Finance Minister also decided to permanently cancel the duty and the purchase tax on a long series of goods including cellular telephones, clothing, footwear, baby products, electronic goods for entertainment (televisions, screens, speakers, etc.), home electronic goods, toys and games, cosmetics and others, worth approximately NIS 1.45 billion per annum.

The decision to permanently cancel the duties was made after Prime Minister Netanyahu and Finance Minister Katz were presented with an effective evaluation which showed that the temporary cancellation of duties and purchase taxes led to a significant drop in the prices of consumer goods over time, also in comparison to trends in other countries.

The Prime Minister and the Finance Minister instructed that periodic evaluations continue to be carried out regarding the level of prices in these markets in order to verify that the reduction continue to be passed on to consumers.

According to the decision, duties and purchase taxes will be permanently cancelled on the following products:

Mobile telephones – 15%

Footwear – 12%

Clothing and textiles – 6%

Electronic goods for entertainment (televisions, screens, speakers, converters, amplifiers, projectors, microphones, earphones, smart cards, radios, etc.) – 15%-30%

Home electronic goods – 6%-12%

Light fixtures and light bulbs – 8%-12%

Toys and games – 12%

Cosmetics – 12%

Baby products – 12%

Frames and lenses for eyeglasses – 12%
