Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_aviation090220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the weekly Cabinet meeting today, submitted for approval a decision to establish a flight data center to receive information (API & PNR) from airlines about passengers aboard flights to and from the State of Israel. The information will be used for the fight against terrorism, the war on severe crime, the struggle against illegal migration, aviation security, maintaining public health against epidemics and additional vital interests as may be determined. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting: “Today, we will submit another important decision for Cabinet approval. We will advance the establishment of a flight data center that will gather information about flights to and from the State of Israel. Of course, this is especially important during diseases or epidemics. This is also vital for the State of Israel in its struggle against terrorism, crime, illegal migration. As I said, it will also assist in maintaining public health. Naturally, all aspects regarding the protection of privacy will be taken into account and will be anchored in legislation. Today, we are joining a series of countries, such as the US, Australia and many European countries who already operate such centers.” At the end of the process, Israel will join a long series of Western countries that are already receiving such information (API & PNR) from airlines, including (inter alia) the US, the EU, Canada, Japan and Australia. In the framework of the decision, the Justice Ministry will lead a legislative process in order to provide for all aspects, including privacy protection. An authority will also be formed to advance the establishment of the center. The National Security Council (NSC) will chair a steering committee to monitor implementation of the decision until the center is established. The draft decision was formulated by the NSC, the Population and Migration Authority, the Tax Authority, the Justice Ministry, the Transportation Ministry, the Health Ministry, the Defense Ministry, the Finance Ministry, the Foreign Ministry, the Israel Police and the security agencies.
