Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_meeting211220

Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem, met with US Senior Presidential Advisor Jared Kushner.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"It's a real pleasure to welcome you today to Jerusalem. I say today because tomorrow, together with our National Security Advisor, Meir Ben-Shabbat, you Jared will be leading a joint Israeli-American delegation to Morocco. This is a groundbreaking visit that will expedite the normalization of relations between Israel and Morocco.

I remember Jared back in 2017 when President Trump first called upon you to advance these efforts, to bring peace to the Middle East, all the experts you know, the so-called experts, belittled your appointment. By the way, I ask you don't take it personally they do it to me too.

Over the years I've met countless individuals from different countries who have tried to advance peace in the Middle East. Many were appointed by their governments, some were appointed by international organizations and some appointed themselves. They all espoused noble values, noble intentions, they all thought to leave their mark, but few, I think none actually, had greater success than you Jared.

President Trump's Abraham peace initiative has already created a whole series of breakthroughs. Peace with the United Arab Emirates, peace with Bahrain, peace with Sudan and now peace with Morocco. That's four peace agreements in a few months. There will be more to come. I believe many more if we pursue these policies.

In doing all this Jared you've successfully reinforced American leadership in the Middle East and in Middle East peacemaking. I think you've greatly enhanced American standing in the region. Now in addition to advancing peace between Arabs and Israel, Arab states and Israel, you've also took a pivotal role, had a pivotal role, in President Trump's peace plan. It's the only realistic peace plan that has been presented so far that addresses Israel's fundamental national security interests and other interests.

You can be proud of your contribution to normalizing Israel's relations with the Arab and Muslim world and for peace in the Middle East.

I want to thank President Trump for his staunch support and leadership, for all that he has done for the State of Israel. I think we're all deeply indebted for him, deeply indebted to his great actions and his great leadership and we think that these achievements will stand like these peace agreements. I thank you Jared and I want to thank all of you for assisting this great effort. We will never forget it. Thank you all."
