Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_area221120

Prime Minister Netanyahu, for the first time, submitted for Cabinet approval a declaration of areas in which large numbers of illegal migrants live as national preference areas.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Today I am submitting to the Cabinet the recommendations of the steering committee that we established on defining national preference areas in areas in which there is a high proportion of illegal migrants. These areas will receive significant benefits including an additional NIS 20 million to strengthen them. I know that the residents in these areas have waited for this decision for a very long time, the council heads as well, and I am pleased that it is now being put into practice. I thank the ministries that assisted in this."

Interior Minister Aryeh Deri:

"I am pleased that the Cabinet has supported our initiative to strengthen the residents of these areas who have suffered for years from the harm to their quality of life. Our decision today is to act toward repairing and rehabilitating buildings in these areas that have been damaged in recent years, and assisting the residents both economically and socially. I know how the residents have suffered over the years and they deserve our help."

Construction and Housing Minister Yaakov Litzman:

"This is an important decision that will facilitate the investment of NIS 20 million in a physical, social and community plan to benefit the areas that have needed it for a long time. We are strengthening the socio-economic resilience of these areas by strengthening their status and image."

The Cabinet approved the proposal of Prime Minister Netanyahu, Interior Minister Deri and the Construction and Housing Ministry to recognize seven areas in which there are concentrations of migrants' residences as national preference areas. This is pursuant to the recognition by the Knesset Finance Committee of this criterion last week. The areas recognized as national preference areas will be eligible for support, assistance and various incentives in order to attract – inter alia – new populations and businesses. According to the decision, these areas are in Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Netanya, Bnei Brak, Eilat, Ashdod and Petah Tikva.

NIS 20 million will be invested in the recognized areas in order to implement a physical, social and community plan in these areas for the socio-economic reconstruction and advancement of residents of older populations and of businesses. Part of the budget will be invested in establishing and repairing structures and physical infrastructures in public spaces.
