Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_press150720

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, made the following remarks: "Citizens of Israel, we are in mid-summer but the clouds of corona cover the clear skies in many countries. The second wave, which we have been talking about constantly, is already upon us. We are fighting it with determination; we are fighting it with unity. Our guiding principle has been to take health measures and, at the same time, economic measures, the former to assist in safeguarding your lives and your health, citizens of Israel, and the latter to ease the distress that many of you are dealing with. I hear your distress; you are not alone. As I said at the start of the week, today the money is entering [the accounts of] the self-employed and business owners. Today, 380,000 people received the stipend. The average [amount] is not dozens of shekels but NIS 4,700 per person. Around 130,000 people received a stipend of NIS 7,500. We promised, the Finance Minister and me – and we delivered. This is the first thing. This evening, I am announcing a complementary step that we have decided upon: Additional economic support for all Israeli citizens. I say 'additional' because this is in addition to the economic plan that we presented to you last week and the economic steps that we took in April and May. By the way, according to the Central Bureau of Statistics, they have already worked; hundreds of thousands of Israelis have been added to the labor market. But here is what we are adding: A family with two parents and one child will receive a NIS 2,000 grant. A family with two children will receive NIS 2,500. A family with three children or more will receive a NIS 3,000 grant. Everyone else will receive NIS 750. That is, all other citizens over 18 will receive NIS 750 per person. For example, soldiers, students and retirees will receive NIS 750. Why are we giving this money? We need to move the economy. People are sitting at home, they are not consuming. When we give them this money – they will consume. This encourages consumption. They can go and buy. The moment they go buy – businesses expand, they need workers. Instead of shrinking, they expand. That is to say, this money encourages consumption and it encourages employment. It moves the wheels of the economy faster. This is how the economy works. One must set a wheel in motion that starts a wheel that starts a wheel. By the way, I tell you, to encourage consumption, buy locally made products. I am a devotee of the free market and the global economy. I say buy locally made products, blue and white, it's OK, Benny Gantz agrees. Buy locally made products. Use this money to move the wheels. Now, once the plan is approved, you need to understand that most citizens of Israel will receive this money within days via the National Insurance Institute. However, we need to pass this; a decision must be made first. I am sure that I will receive Benny's support and that of the other ministers in order to pass this plan in the Cabinet, but it is not clear if we will need to pass legislation. I hope not. We will look for ways to bypass this because it will mean more time. I hope that we will be able to suffice with a Cabinet decision but if this grant must undergo legislation, I expect all Knesset factions to support it so that we will be able to transfer this money to you, citizens of Israel, quickly, and the emphasis is on 'quickly'. If we start to argue now about criteria, why this one should receive and that one not, it will take a lot of time. I hope not months, but weeks. The discussion will never end. I want to tell you, citizens of Israel, you need this money now for the reasons I have said. There are also people who do not exactly fit this or that category. Yesterday, at the team of advisers that I hold with Cabinet ministers and economic experts from the country and around the world, Professor Feldman, she is an economics professor, said: 'It is preferable that in another two years, we will look back and regret giving too much than we look back and regret not having given enough.' I read an article from the IMF, the International Monetary Fund, that thinks like me. I had said that we must give exactly to these and not to those, and not give to those of means, and to those of few means. They said: We are changing our minds. We must now give universal support to everyone in order to move the wheels and so that nobody falls between the cracks, and at the same time focus on those who have special needs, and yes, this will cost more money. But this is what is needed now. It is not just me who is saying this. The most progressive economists in the world are saying this. Several countries have done this, for example Japan and South Korea. This is neither an invention nor a caprice. We must move forward now, and it is a devotee of the free economy – which I have advanced for decades, especially with the major reforms we have brought – who is telling you this. We have moved our economy to a situation in which we can do this. On a rainy day we are ready, and this is also what we are doing here, this is not the end of the matter. We will bring more plans: More plans of direct financial assistance and of incentives to rehabilitate the economy. We will provide you, citizens of Israel, with economic certainty as long as it is needed, throughout the pandemic period. This is one thing. Now, in addition: I have directed that additional measures be submitted within 48 hours to assist us in flattening the morbidity curve. We made quick and good decisions in the first wave. They led us to an excellent situation. Now we need to continue taking determined steps in order to return there and be even more successful. I tell you, my friends you hear me, this is in our hands, all citizens of Israel – secular and ultra-orthodox, who I know have many problems and my heart is with them, Jews and Arabs, Druze and Circassians, left and right – together. Everyone, but everyone, together. This is in our hands, all of us. We are doing everything to avoid a full lockdown but in order to avoid a full lockdown, I need your full cooperation, citizens of Israel, in fulfilling the directives so that we will be able to succeed together. We must turn the Health Ministry directives into a way of life, as long as the coronavirus is with us. If you go out of your home, you wear clothes; if you go out of your home, you wear a mask. To change one's way of life is because that ensures that we will succeed. I am working with the Cabinet ministers, and with the experts that I have described, economic and health experts, from the country and around the world, to prepare a long-term plan for the safe opening up of the economy in order to allow us to deal with the coronavirus as long as necessary be it six months or a year or even more than a year. But I reiterate that the basic condition for success is continued cooperation on your part, citizens of Israel. Be strict about wearing masks, maintaining distance, and about hygiene – washing hands. Do not be tempted to bypass the directives somehow because you will be endangering your lives and those of the people dear to you. I would like to say something else. I heard just now about an American man who was 30 and who died. He was infected at a great coronavirus event and before his death, his last words were and I read: 'I thought that this was a conspiracy but I was wrong.' The conspiracy industry exists in Israel; it is simply unbelievable. I heard about a public representative who is calling for a civil rebellion. I want you to understand: Israel is a free democracy. Freedom of expression and protest are reserved for every person and group, certainly in times of economic distress such as this. But the revolt, joining politics to the coronavirus, abrogating responsibility and abrogating the rules – this is real danger. People are infected because they do not mind the rules, at demonstrations and such, and afterwards they infect others. This is simply disastrous. We are in the Three Weeks but what we have seen in the streets in the last few days – we forget that. We ignore questions of safeguards and responsibility, and we see not just a protest, that is legitimate. We saw violence against police and against civilians. This violence deserves all condemnation and it ill befits those elected by the public to call for violating the health directives. Nobody, from whatever side of the political spectrum, has the right to do this. I tell you, we must not talk about civil rebellion. We cannot fall into gratuitous hatred. We cannot fall into hating our brothers. In these days we recall what befell our people in an earlier era, when hating our brothers and gratuitous hatred ruled the roost. We cannot go there. We must behave in exactly the opposite manner. We must deepen the unity between us. We must watch our own. I believe that with joint forces, we will fight the coronavirus and defeat it."
