Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_agreement281020

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , at Ariel University in Samaria, made the following remarks in English (a translation of his Hebrew remarks will be issued separately):

"David Friedman, the Ambassador of the United States to Israel: You've done it again and we deeply appreciate all your efforts on behalf of the Israeli-American alliance to right past wrongs, to put things on the right course,

The Minister of Science and Technology, Yizhar Shai, and the former Minister of Science and Technology, current Minister of Regional Cooperation Ofir Akunis, who worked a lot for this day as well,

And Minister Tzahi Hanegbi, Minister of Communities—how shall I call it in English? Community Affairs, but you know, which communities are we talking about?

The Mayor of Ariel, Eli Shaviro,

The President of Ariel University, Professor Yehuda Danon,

Director General of the Prime Minister's Office, Ronen Peretz,

Director General of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Shai-Lee Spigelman,

Ladies and Gentlemen,

It is a real pleasure to be back here in Ariel. It's an even greater pleasure to be here with Ambassador David Friedman. And it's an extra special pleasure to be in Ariel for the signing of the US-Israel Science and Technology Agreement. The fact that we are signing agreements here today is of huge significance.

It's a demonstration first of your commitment, Ambassador Friedman, and the commitment of President Trump. President Trump’s successful approach to bringing peace to our region has helped Israel achieve three new peace agreements: with the Emirates, with Bahrain and with Sudan. President Trump and his team deserve praise for helping to facilitate these agreements. We've worked on them for many years in silent, covert contacts, and some open, but it would not have happened without the full engagement of the president and his team.

Yet when the US recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital and moved the embassy here, the naysayers said that the American action would destroy the chances of peace. That's a modest quote, believe me. There were even more extreme. When President Trump recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, the same naysayers said that this too would destroy the chances of peace. When the president declared that our Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria are not illegal under international law, a theme advanced by, an observation and a decision advanced by Secretary Pompeo, once again the naysayers claimed that this would destroy the chances of peace. And when the president proposed a realistic plan for Israeli-Palestinian peace that took into account Israel's rights and security concerns, the naysayers were firm that this would surely destroy the chances for peace once and for all. But the naysayers were wrong. Dead wrong—every single time.

By rejecting the failed mantras of the past, the Trump plan for Israeli-Palestinian peace not only offers possibilities for realistic and secure solution, for the Palestinians ever come around to changing, to abandoning their absurd demands that would mean the end of Israel, but I think the Trump vision also put forward something else that we see today. It opens Judea and Samaria to academic, commercial and scientific engagement with the United States. This is an important victory against all those who seek to delegitimize everything Israeli beyond the 1967 lines.

And to those malevolent boycotters, I have a simple message today: You are wrong and you will fail. You are wrong because you deny what cannot be denied, the millennial connection between the people of Israel and the Land of Israel—it's over three-thousand years old. And you will fail because we are resolved to continue to build our life in our ancestral homeland and to never be uprooted from here again.

And this university's many accomplishments are a testament to the naysayers' abject failure. Ariel University's academic excellence, its pioneering research, its multidisciplinary curriculum, its 450 senior faculty and 16,000 students—by the way, many of them Arabs—this is, together, an amazing success story and a wonderful testament for peaceful coexistence and reconciliation.

It is the sort of excellent Israeli scientific research that is produced here at Ariel University that makes Israel-US scientific cooperation so fruitful. America is undoubtedly the global scientific superpower, and technological. Israel is much smaller, but when it comes to technological innovation, Israel too is a global power: from cyber security to FinTech, from smart agriculture to medical devices, from biotech to renewable energy. In these areas and many others, Israel is on the cutting edge of so much global scientific innovation.

Now, over the years, we've been helped by this collaborative US-Israeli scientific research. It's made a real difference: the Bird Foundation, the BSF, the Binational Agriculture Research and Development fund. I thank you, David, and I thank successive American administrations for this commitment, this bipartisan commitment to scientific cooperation with the State of Israel.

In health alone, our joint research is playing a crucial role in the fight against cancer, in combating brain diseases and in pharmaceutical development. And who knows? It may very well be collaborative US-Israel research that will help humanity wipe out coronavirus. Not merely find a vaccine, but go well beyond that.

I am confident that this new agreement will help accelerate more scientific research in the years to come. So in signing this agreement here in Ariel, we are not only doing so for the benefits of both the people of Israel and the people of the United States, but for benefit of the entire world.

Thank you."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman, today , at Ariel University in Samaria, signed an extension of the Israel-US scientific cooperation agreement which will now apply to Judea and Samaria, and the Golan Heights, as well. Following are excerpts from the Prime Minister's remarks in Hebrew. (For his English remarks, please click here.)

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Today, we are applying the Israel-US science agreement to Judea and Samaria, and the Golan Heights. This is a great change. This is a victory against all of the organizations and countries that boycott Judea and Samaria. We will not stop taking action so that the entire area will prosper and flourish. The scientific cooperation agreement is especially important at this time, when we are dealing with the coronavirus.

I am working day and night to procure vaccines for the citizens of the State of Israel. There is global competition to see who will acquire vaccines first. We are working on three horizons: First, independent production via the Israel Institute for Biological Research. Second, we are working through the Health Ministry with the leading global companies. Third, I am personally active with prominent leaders of countries around the world, beginning with US Vice President Pence, who is responsible for dealing with the coronavirus in the US, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Russian President Vladimir Putin, and with European leaders with whom I speak on almost a daily basis. I will continue to act in order to ensure that our citizens will have enough vaccines, and at the right time. This is our greatest mission in the fight against the coronavirus because it is what will take us out of the coronavirus routine and – of course – from the tough restrictions that we have been experiencing of late.

Tomorrow in the Corona Cabinet we will discuss the comprehensive outline and I will also discuss with the Education Minister and people from the Federation of Local Authorities on improving the education outline. We are checking various possibilities.

The coronavirus is raising its head around the world; therefore, I demand that our exit plan be gradual and responsible. We are making peace for peace, are strengthening Israel and are making the right decisions that have lowered our level of morbidity, at a time when the countries of Europe are experiencing very high morbidity amidst a second deadly wave of the coronavirus. We will continue to act responsibly. We will continue to make the right decisions in order to save the lives of Israeli citizens and in order to safeguard their health."

"I have come from an IDF exercise in the north and I can tell you that I am impressed that even during the coronavirus we are continuing to develop our military capabilities. These incorporate a very impressive scientific and technological development that greatly strengthens the military capabilities of the State of Israel against Hezbollah, against any other enemy. It would be worth their while to take this into account.

We are in Ariel, in the university in Ariel, and there are three people which I would like to also mention: The late Ron Nachman, whose vision and marvelous commitment built this city, the late Yigal Cohen Orgad, whose tireless vision and commitment built this university, and my friend, the late Prof. Moshe Arens who did everything in his power so that my governments would indeed realize this, and we remember them all for good, not only with great affection but with great esteem."
