Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_grant020820

Prime Minister Netanyahu met with Finance Minister Yisrael Katz and National Insurance Institute Director General Meir Spiegler, on the occasion of the start of the transfer of a 'Grant for Each Citizen' payments to bank accounts.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Today is a day of good news. Today, just as we promised, 40,000 additional businesses received the second phase of assistance, and 99.57% of Israel's children, i.e. three million children in 1.25 million families, as well.

We promised, and we honored our promise, to quickly bring the grants to children, families and businesses. There will be more plans. This is major news."

Finance Minister Katz:

"We promised that this time it would happen quickly and today, the money for three million children is entering bank accounts. We promised that this time it would happen quickly, and over 40,000 self-employed small businesspeople also received the money in their bank accounts.

This will continue. The National Insurance Institute will transfer to more and more parents, seniors, those who receive support payments, discharged soldiers and all those for whom we designated these funds and the double payments.

Together with this, all of the businesses, self-employed and wage-earners whom we promised would meet the criteria – will receive unemployment benefits for a year, will receive grants, wage grants and business grants, for a year, and the businesses themselves will also receive the assistance."

NII Director General Spiegler:

"First of all, as the Prime Minister pointed out, every child in the State of Israel, in the fullest sense of the word – their parents, received the money this morning. In truth, the money was transferred last Friday and entered this morning, regarding the identity of the funds, to the banks. During the week, we will transfer the remaining grants to all residents of the State of Israel: Those who receive double grants and those who receive the basic grant.

We are doing everything so that the grants go to the bank accounts of all those who are eligible by the end of this week or by the start of next week at most. Those for whom we do not have their bank accounts – we will transfer the funds for them to the Postal Bank. They will need to go there, identify themselves and receive the money in cash. There will not be anyone who does not receive the grant due to him."
