Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_press230820

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks, today, at his press conference at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem: "Citizens of Israel, we are in historic times. Our peace agreement with the United Arab Emirates is opening a new era of peace in the Middle East. Several days ago, I was moved to see a girl in the UAE wearing a shirt with the flags of Israel and the UAE, and I was moved to see another girl in the UAE playing 'Hatikvah'. Who would have believed it? I believed it. A few days ago, I spoke with representatives of the Jewish community in Dubai; how exciting. One of them told me that he remembers that I was in a debate, a famous debate at the Oxford Union 25 years ago. I remember that I spoke about the peace that would be in the Middle East, but this peace would be a different kind of peace. Soon we will all be able to fly to Abu Dhabi and Dubai and they will fly here. The fruits of peace are many and this peace will expand to include other countries. Tomorrow, here in Jerusalem, I will host my friend, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. I will discuss with him expanding the circle of peace. We are working on peace with other countries. In my assessment, there will be other countries. In the not-too-distant future, we will have peace with other countries. These important developments are the direct result of the policy that I have led for two decades. There are those who call it 'the Netanyahu doctrine'. I will say it simply – peace for peace, peace through strength: Economic strength - of a free market economy which we are developing, military-technological strength – which we are developing at the same time, and diplomatic strength, which stems from a combination of the two. The peace with the UAE will bring about a flourishing in many fields: Tourism, technology, the war on the coronavirus, medicine, energy, water, agriculture and infrastructures. They are interested in investing in the State of Israel and will be here with giant investments. This is important because it creates jobs. It creates employment. It creates livelihoods. All of this is important always but it is much more important in the coronavirus era. In the coronavirus era, we are doing many more things in order to maintain your lives, your health and your livelihoods, citizens of Israel. We extended the eligibility period for unemployment benefits until June 2021 – to create certainty. So it is with unpaid leave, we gave grants and loans to businesses and to the self-employed. We brought a grant for every citizen. We encouraged businesses to reabsorb workers. We have begun to open the world of culture. We have begun to reopen the skies. We gave grants to discharged soldiers, and more and more. And I will bring yet more plans. I want to tell you something that I am not certain that you have heard in the media. I am certain that you have not heard it – the steps that we are taking have brought Israel to a good place relative to other countries. Our recession is half that of Europe. Unemployment in Israel is also among the lowest in the world, this in the coronavirus era when there is unemployment around the world – in the US, in Europe, in all countries. Despite these things, I know that this is a difficult time. I go out to the open-air markets and to businesses. I talk with your representatives. I know that it is difficult now. I know that it is not simple, and I am not satisfied with what we have done. I am constantly working on new plans, additional plans. We are indeed working around the clock. I say all the time that national responsibility requires the immediate channeling of funds to our economy and avoiding elections. Therefore, out of national responsibility, this evening I have decided to accept MK Hauser's compromise proposal. This proposal allows for the immediate channeling of funds to the citizens and economy of the State of Israel and it avoids the need for elections. This compromise proposal calls for the immediate approval of a special budget that will allow us to channel funds now for the opening of the school year, for assistance to the citizens of Israel, for restoring jobs, for security, for health, in effect for all areas. This compromise proposal is attentive to the Israeli economy at this time. This is the time for unity; this is not the time for elections. The government within a government must stop. I turn on the radio and the television now and I hear wild attacks on the Prime Minister, on me. And I ask 'Who is this? The opposition?' They tell me no, it is from within the government and I say: Enough with this. Either we work together or we do not work together. I propose that we work together. I propose that we unite in the face of the great challenges that we face: Saving lives, and health, yours, citizens of Israel, maintaining your livelihoods, blocking Iran, maintaining security on all fronts and achieving more historic peace agreements with countries in the region. I will put it simply: Let us unite and work together for these important goals."
