Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start240620

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu’s remarks, at the start of the Cabinet meeting: “I hear and see that the public has responded to our call to wear masks. While there has been an improvement, there is still a significant way to go. We want to reach a situation in which all citizens wear masks out of a sense of mutual responsibility. We have all been in cities with air pollution and we have seen the people there, everyone, wearing masks out of the knowledge this is how they had to live. This prevents the inhalation – in the case of the coronavirus – not only of toxins that can come from outside but it also prevents both the inhalation of the virus and also its exhalation, This is what we want to do and the steps that we are taking have been designed to increase the use of masks by the entire public. Two people, who are wearing masks and talking to each other, while maintaining distance, will not infect each other. We must get there. Unfortunately, there are people now, and perhaps later on as well, who are not honoring these rules. I know that it is difficult; it is not easy in the Israeli summer. It is difficult for all of us; it is also difficult for me. However, we are strict about it. Regarding those people who are not strict about it, or who have been infected as a result of others’ actions, we want to locate them quickly. We want to locate those who have been around infected or contagious people so that they cannot spread the disease. I have asked to accelerate the development of the digital application that is designed to achieve this goal. This will take time – weeks and I hope not months. Until then we are seeking to complete the legislation on the use of the digital tools of the ISA. We are monitoring this with ‘on’ and ‘off’ switches. I hope that we will not have to activate it. While it could be that we will stop the disease and flatten the curve even before the legislation is completed, we want to be in a situation in which we could use this tool if we wanted to. Therefore, I have convened this meeting. You know that the morbidity crossed the 400 mark yesterday and unfortunately, it shows signs of constantly increasing. If needed, this tool, which will be fully monitored, will serve us in stopping the spread of the pandemic.”
