Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_ramadan210420

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today (Tuesday, 21 April 2020), chaired a discussion on preparations for the month of Ramadan, together with the mayors of Deir al-Assad, Nazareth, Umm al-Fahm, Taybe and Rahat.

Among the topics discussed was the need for a joint effort to prevent the spread of the coronavirus in the Arab sector during Ramadan such that there will not be a jump in the number of people infected. The mayors presented the actions that have been taken by religious and local leaders to reduce the danger of infection, including the cancellation of prayers in mosques and calls to hold iftar meals only among the nuclear family.

The mayors called on Prime Minister Netanyahu to impose movement restrictions from 18:00 until 03:00 in order to reduce the danger of gatherings that could lead to large-scale infection. They also requested support for residents and assistance with critical needs during Ramadan.

Prime Minister Netanyahu commended the mayors for their responsible leadership at this time and noted that their position on movement restrictions will be taken into account in the decision that will be made. The Prime Minister directed Interior Minister Aryeh Deri and National Security Council (NSC) head Meir Ben-Shabbat to evaluate the requests for assistance.

The mayors commended the steps that have been taken to prevent the spread of the coronavirus in the Arab sector.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said that success in preventing large-scale infection in Arab society during Ramadan could only be achieved through joint work. He added that should the rate of infection remain low, as it is at present, Israel would keep its standing at the top of the table of countries that have best succeeded in dealing with the coronavirus.

Interior Minister Deri, Health Minister Yaakov Litzman, Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, the head of the Prime Minister's staff Asher Hayon, NSC head Ben-Shabbat, Prime Minister's Office Director General Ronen Peretz, Health Ministry Director General Moshe Bar Siman Tov, as well as senior Israel Police and NSC officials also attended.
