Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_corona110320

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks, today , at the Prime Minister’s Office in Jerusalem, at the joint statements with the Finance Minister, the Economy and Industry Minister, the Governor of the Bank of Israel and the Finance Ministry Director General, on dealing with the economic implications of the Coronavirus: “At 14:00, I will talk with Deborah Birx, who is responsible for the Coronavirus in the US. We are in continuous contact together with the head of our National Security Council, Meir Ben-Shabbat and others. Links with the US are essential; I view them as one of our greatest assets in dealing with this crisis. In general, we are devoting this discussion today to the economic issue. We are closely monitoring developments in the economic changes. Corona is greatly affecting the global economy and our economy as well. We are entering this crisis in a good situation. The Israeli economy is in a better situation than most economies in the world: Unemployment is low, growth is high and the debt to GDP ratio is good. What does this mean? It means that we can pay our debts. The financial system is strong. Simply put: We have strong and stable banks. These are major advantages at the beginning of this crisis. However, we have a great challenge here that we all are feeling and which we are all aware of. In our view, we can also deal with it in a way that will allow us to get through it successfully in peace. Not without difficulty, and not without sacrifice, but in the end, in peace, and I think that we can do this together in an optimal manner. The goal of our plan is to facilitate the continuous functioning of the economy. We are doing this through an immediate NIS 10 billion package. NIS 4 billion has already been allocated, but we are adding another NIS 6 billion today in order to stabilize the economy. I say at the outset: This is first aid. We are monitoring developments on a daily basis. We will give additional assistance as necessary. In this NIS 10 billion, the first thing is NIS 1 billion for health. We see this as not only for health, but for life. We are talking here about saving lives. If somebody gets through this crisis with general malaise, a kind of minor flu, nothing has happened. However, we know that there is also the possibility that this could claim a high price in lives and we want to minimize the cost in lives here. Therefore, we are giving preference to the health system and we are using NIS 1 billion here to first increase the supply of drugs, to purchase medical equipment, to prepare the hospitals to receive a greater number of patients and to prepare the medical teams. The second thing we are talking about is increasing the assistance fund for businesses and companies. We had NIS 4 billion. We are doubling it today to NIS 8 billion in the wake of lengthy consultations with the Finance Minister, the Governor of the Bank of Israel, the Economy and Industry Minister and the professionals. We are doubling it immediately. A business that has suffered is eligible to apply for a loan from the fund. We have lowered the interest rate. Everyone can apply and request assistance. Let it be clear, whoever has been adversely affected can apply and request assistance. I understand that the banks were closed yesterday so we will know soon the magnitude of the response, but we are already making funds available for assistance to businesses, especially – for example – tourism, which, it is clear to us, has been hit hard. Accordingly, people will receive preference. It is important, everyone who has been adversely affected, every business that has been hurt, can apply to receive assistance from this cash flow fund. Third, inventories. There is no shortage and no shortage of goods will be created in the State of Israel. The reason is simple: We have the means. Most of the traffic is by sea. First, one must understand that the vast majority of both goods and raw materials are by sea, and, of course, we will make sure it is not be adversely affected. We will ease restrictions for importers in bringing goods into the country. There will be no shortage of raw materials for Israeli industry due to the same capability that I have just described. Of course, there is a question of supply by air, and we will do whatever is necessary to facilitate this. We are recruiting the necessary elements, including the Air Force and Israeli airlines for this. I want to differentiate - aviation is a separate industry. Aviation as aviation is a separate industry. We give individual and separate treatment to the airlines. It is important to understand this. It is a lifeline. It is important to us. Therefore, we are preserving it in this way, in addition to the NIS 10 billion. It is important to clarify this. I also asked for an additional NIS 1 billion for special needs. What are special needs? This is dedicated to preventing the spread of the disease, managing the crisis - this includes police, firefighters, prisons. And, by the way, we are thinking about how, for example, to treat prisons, for example, so that we do not enter into the restrictions or problems we have seen in other countries. We are maintaining essential services such as gas platforms, packing houses, food and welfare services for the needy. This is the immediate package that we are dealing with. This is first aid. We continue to monitor and we will provide additional assistance to the extent that it is necessary. I already tell you that later this afternoon, toward evening, we will hold yet another discussion, together with the Minister of Health and the Health Ministry Director General in order to provide additional instructions to the public."
