Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_ashkelon090220

The Cabinet, at its weekly Cabinet meeting today, approved a plan by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to invest approximately NIS 35 million in security and civilian resiliency components in Ashkelon. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting: “Today, I am submitting for Cabinet approval a decision to allocate NIS 35 million for security and civilian resiliency components for the city of Ashkelon and its residents. I thank the Finance Minister, the Interior Minister and the other ministers who gave their assistance here. In the framework of this plan, we will work to immediately refit hundreds of public shelters in the city. We will also expand support treatments for children and we will bring smart systems and special equipment for emergencies. However, I want to make it clear: We will not accept any aggression from Gaza. Only a few weeks ago, we targeted the senior Islamic Jihad commander in Gaza, and I suggest that both Islamic Jihad and Hamas refresh their memories. I will not go into detail about all of our actions and plans for the media, but we are prepared to take devastating action against the terrorist organizations in Gaza. Our actions are very strong and they have not yet ended, to put it mildly.” Several weeks ago, Prime Minister Netanyahu instructed Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) Acting Director General Ronen Peretz to formulate an assistance plan for Ashkelon to strengthen civilian resilience. The Cabinet decided to meet the immediate needs via a special security grant and the acceleration of a master urban renewal plan for the city. The Cabinet decided to allocate a budget to cover municipal expenses stemming from security events as well as a budget to immediately refit 60 public shelters in Ashkelon, upgrade and expand the city emergency center, acquire systems to open shelters by remote in emergencies, acquire equipment for municipal emergency warehouses and install cameras to locate rocket/shell hits and deal with security events. The Cabinet also decided to expand treatment for children and support programs for education staff and parents in the city. The decision includes a budget to boost activities to improve the resiliency of the local special-needs population, and structurally reinforce social service institutions. In order to deal with seaborne security threats in the Ashkelon area, the Cabinet has decided to construct a fence in the area of the Ashkelon southern industrial zone and to install a network of cameras along the coast to locate and prevent infiltrations and terrorist acts. IDF Home Front Command will allocate to Ashkelon mobile protective shelters for deployment in times of emergency or to be stationed in times of routine in accordance with security assessments at central points throughout the city. The Cabinet will contact the [Environmental Protection Ministry] Maintenance of Cleanliness Fund and request that it assist in financing the construction and operation of systems to manage waste and trimmed foliage. In order to ensure the implementation of the decision, the Cabinet decided to establish a steering committee chaired by PMO Acting Director General Peretz to monitor implementation and remove impediments as per need.
