Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona230220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Health Ministry emergency situation room, convened a special assessment on the issue of the Coronavirus, with Health Minister Yaakov Litzman, government ministers, ministry director generals, the head of the National Security Council and other senior officials. The assessment was in continuation of previous discussions, ongoing updates and recent developments. Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the start of the discussion: “We are continuing preparations to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus in Israel. We are holding daily assessments. Today, I will appoint a ministerial team to convene on a daily basis in order to deal with this major challenge. We are constantly evaluating and adjusting our policy, and adapting it to developing circumstances. First, we are becoming stricter vis-à-vis entry into Israel from additional countries. Today, we are adding Australia and Italy and will add other countries as may be necessary. I have said that over-preparation is preferable to under-preparation. Until now, Israel has been stricter than any other country and we will continue to do whatever is necessary to prevent the spread of the virus in Israel. We have also issued guidelines to Israelis who are returning to the country and we demand that these guidelines, which we are releasing to the public, be strictly adhered to. Here as well, we demand that the public show maximum responsibility. Everyone must follow the instructions given by the Health Ministry.” Prime Minister Netanyahu directed the opening of a national situation room to coordinate on the situation and formulate policy on all developing issues pursuant to the Coronavirus. A team of ministry director generals, chaired by the head of the NSC, will meet on a daily basis to assess the situation and implement the policy. It was decided to quickly locate all persons suspected of having been in contact with those carrying the virus and voluntarily isolate them or return them to their countries. It was decided to gradually reduce flights from places with the Coronavirus. Pursuant to Minister Erdan’s remarks, Prime Minister Netanyahu added that the dissemination of false reports, which are liable to impair the integrity of the elections, must be avoided: “I would even like to involve the Israel Police, as well as the ISA, on this matter. There could be all kinds of elements, including foreign elements, which could interfere in the elections this way. We have an interest in stopping this.” Among those participating in the discussion were the ministers of Health, Finance, Public Security, Transportation, Interior, Economy and Industry, Social Affairs and Social Services, Education, Tourism, Agriculture, and Regional Cooperation as well as the Minister of Social Equality, the Deputy Minister of Defense, the head of the NSC, the Acting Director General of the Prime Minister’s Office, the head of the National Economic Council, the director generals of the Health, Foreign, Public Security, Education, Finance, Tourism, Transportation, Economy and Industry, and Social Equality ministries, the director general of the Population and Migration Authority, the head of the Biological Institute, the IDF Chief Medical Officer, the Finance Ministry Budget Director, the Finance Ministry Accountant General, the Deputy Attorney General, the director general of Magen David Adom, the director general of the Clalit HMO, the director general of the Civil Aviation Authority, the director general of the Airports Authority and additional professional officials
