Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_trump270120

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, met with US President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington. They will meet again tomorrow. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting: "Mr. President, I look forward to making history with you tomorrow. I'll talk about the plan, the vision of peace, which is historic the president has put forward, tomorrow. Today, I just want to say two words: Thank you. Thank you for everything you've done for Israel, for recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital, for moving your embassy there, for recognizing our sovereignty in the Golan Heights, for recognizing our rights in Judea and Samaria, the heartland of our biblical homeland, for the unprecedented security and intelligence cooperation between our two countries. Mr. President, the list of your support for Israel, the things you've done for Israel since you've become president is very long, but the bottom line is short: you have made our alliance stronger than ever. I look forward in the coming years to make it even stronger, with an historic defense treaty that will anchor our alliance for generations. One last thing, which I think is important: This is International Holocaust Remembrance Day, and on this day, I'm proud to stand here as the prime minister of the one and only Jewish state and thank you for confronting the most antisemitic regime on the planet. When you came into office, Iran was on the march. Because of your leadership, Iran is now on the run. You've withdrawn from the dangerous nuclear deal. You've slapped on tremendous sanctions. Two weeks ago you took out the most dangerous terrorist on the planet. All those who seek peace, all those who want to fight terrorism, should thank you, Mr. President, for your bold decisions and your bold actions. On behalf of the State of Israel, I want to thank you for everything you've done for Israel, for confronting Iran, and for your extraordinary decisions, your friendship and your leadership." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "Mr. President, I just want to say two things. First, that the deal of the century is the opportunity of a century, and we're not going to pass it by. We'll talk about that tomorrow. Today I repeat: I just want to say thank you for everything you have done for the State of Israel. You have been the greatest friend that Israel has had in the White House, and I think tomorrow we can continue making history. Thank you, Mr. President."
