Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_novygod311220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, on the occasion of Novy God: "Snobim Godem, citizens of Israel from the former Soviet Union, Russian-speaking brothers and sisters. I convey to you greetings on the civil new year. I wish that this will be a year of health for everyone. We are currently in the midst of a vaccines campaign for all citizens of the country. I hope that all of you will lend a hand because together we will be able to defeat the pandemic and quickly return to the pre-coronavirus routine, to return to normal life. I want to thank you for your contribution to the State of Israel in all walks of life. Many of you paid a heavy price to reach the country – without family, without friends, without knowing the language. However, despite all of the difficulties, thanks to accelerated work, you have reached great achievements in science, economics, medicine, culture, sports, security, in every field. Just last month two talented Russian-speaking athletes, Peter Paltchik and Artem Dologopyat, won gold medals [in judo and gymnastics, respectively] at European championships. They brought great honor to all citizens of Israel. This is national pride and these are only two of many examples. Even during the pandemic, many of you have been stationed in the front line of the fight, in the medical services, in education and in other fields. This is worthy of all praise. We have very good ties with all of the countries of the former Soviet Union. I hold a very frequent personal dialogue with all of the leaders, especially Russian President Putin and Ukrainian President Zelensky. I speak with them every few months, every few weeks, sometimes every few days. These ties are very important for many of you because you left friends and relatives there. However, they are also important for all citizens of Israel because they contribute to regional stability and the prosperity of our country. We are confronting the effort by Iran to entrench on our northern border. My link with the Russian President is important because it helps us preserve the freedom of action that we need in order to confront, as we are confronting, the effort by Iran to entrench on our northern border. My government is working day and night to put an end to the pandemic, to support those who have become caught up in difficulties, to strengthen the health system and continue defending our borders. All of this is in order to bring about a better and more secure future for every citizen of Israel. Together with you we will succeed. Snovim godem."
