Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_govcorona060720

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks, today, at the start of the Cabinet meeting: “We are not letting up for a moment in our efforts on the security issue. The success of the Ofek 16 satellite very much increases our ability to act against Israel’s enemies, near and far alike. It greatly expands our ability to act on land, at sea, in the air and also in space. However, at the same time we must deal with the corona pandemic on the ground. The pandemic is spreading; it is as clear as the sun. It is rising sharply on a daily basis and is dragging along – contrary to what we have been told – severe cases in its wake. Today, there are around 90 severe cases and the number is doubling every four days. If we do not act now, we will have hundreds, and perhaps over 1,000, severe cases in the coming weeks, which will paralyze our systems. Therefore, we must take immediate steps that will prevent us from having to take even more extreme measures later. We have not touched most of the items brought before you here. Our focus is mainly on limiting gatherings in closed spaces. This is not easy. Every minister here represents some public. Me as well, all of us. Nevertheless, we also represent all citizens of Israel. All citizens of Israel know, or need to understand, that we must now take limited actions, with as minimal an economic impact as possible, in order to avoid those extreme measures that will paralyze the economy. Therefore, we must act. As leaders, we must deal with the public at large, all citizens of Israel, and therefore these decisions come as a package. I point out that we will, separately, work on and submit very soon an economic corona package in order to help whoever is hurt by the steps that we take today, and by other things as well. We will help businesses, the self-employed and workers. Two steps that we need to take are steps to maintain health and prevent danger to life, and steps for economic assistance. I ask for ministers’ help and I ask that the decisions be passed at this meeting.”
