Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start061220

Remarks by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the Opening of Today's Cabinet Meeting on the Third Anniversary of American Recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's Capital:

"President Trump, Donald, exactly three years ago, you became the first world leader to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Here is the proclamation you made that day. It will now be prominently displayed on the wall of Israel’s cabinet room here in Jerusalem. It will be displayed alongside President Harry S. Truman’s 1948 proclamation recognizing the newly established State of Israel. These two historic proclamations will never be forgotten. They will never be forgotten by the Jewish people and by the Jewish state. They will be cherished for generations. But Mr. President, that was only one of the many historic decisions that you have made during your presidency. You recognized Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. You recognized Israel’s legitimate rights in Judea and Samaria. You proposed a realistic peace plan that acknowledges those rights and maintains Israel’s ability to defend itself. You forged the historic Abraham Accords, which ushered in a new period of peace that is dramatically changing the face of the Middle East before our very eyes, and rather than appease those who chant “Death to America" and "Death to Israel” in Tehran, you withdrew from the dangerous Iran nuclear deal, placed crippling sanctions on Iran and took out the world’s most dangerous terrorist, Qassem Soleimani. That is why, Mr. President, as we mark today three years since your historic proclamation, we in Israel are deeply grateful for all you have done for Jerusalem, for Israel, for bringing peace and for bringing the US-Israel alliance to unprecedented heights. This week, Jews across the world will celebrate Chanukah. We remember how over 2,000 years ago the brave Maccabees confronted a mighty empire that oppressed our people and sought to eradicate our faith. Against all odds, the Maccabees won a miraculous victory, reestablished an independent state and rededicated our Temple in Jerusalem. This year we will once again light the Chanukah candles in a united Jerusalem right next to the Western Wall. Thanks to you, Mr. President, we, the descendants of the Maccabees, can celebrate that that alliance between the reborn Jewish state and the most powerful country on earth, is stronger than ever. And we celebrate the fact that the American flag flies high atop the new American embassy that you, Mr. President, moved to our glorious eternal capital – Jerusalem. For all this and more, thank you, President Trump. God bless Israel and God bless America".

Remarks by U.S. Ambassador David Friedman:

"As you noted it was three years ago today that President Trump courageously recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.

In so doing, he acknowledged the 3,000-year-old history of Jerusalem and its centrality to the Jewish people. And he actualized the will of the American people, who’s leaders passed the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 by overwhelming bipartisan majorities.

In recognizing Jerusalem, President Trump also did something else. He sent a clear message to the world that the United States stands unflinchingly with its allies and that the United States bases its foreign policy on the truth, not on wishful thinking or on fantasy.

That message has since reverberated throughout this region and other regions, and it has made the world a safer place.And that policy undoubtedly has led to a once in a generation series of peace agreements – the Abraham Accords – between Israel and the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and the Sudan.As you point out Mr. Prime Minister, the President deserves enormous credit for this bold and decisive action. And on behalf of President Trump and the United States of America, I thank you Mr. Prime Minister for your kind words and for making this proclamation part of the glorious history of the United States and Israel. Thank you so much".Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting, today : On the coronavirus and the arrival of the vaccines in Israel: "Over the weekend, we signed with Moderna for six million vaccines that will soon arrive in the State of Israel. This is three times the number in the original contract. I recently spoke several times with Pfizer CEO Dr. Albert Bourla about bringing forward the arrival of the vaccines in Israel. I will continue to lead the policy that we determined at the outset of the development of the vaccines: As many vaccines as possible, from as many sources as possible, for as many citizens as possible and as quickly as possible. We are preparing for the major logistics operation of receiving the vaccines, keeping them and allocating them to the citizens of Israel. Today it is possible to say with certainty: It is possible to see the light at the end of the pandemic. But until then I reiterate that we must all continue listening to the directives: Distance, hands and masks. Unfortunately, it seems that this is not happening as we would like it to happen because in recent days we have seen a sharp and worrying increase in morbidity. The Corona Cabinet will convene today. We will hear the Health Ministry proposals on the steps to block this increase in morbidity and we will also decide about the Chanukah holiday. I know that this is of interest to all of you. What I can tell you is that while I want you to have a happy Chanukah, I want you to celebrate it with caution; this is to say, not only with calories but also with masks and without gatherings. Perhaps the masks will help with two things, regarding both health and calories. Happy Chanukah." On the assistance Israel is providing to Honduras: "Chanukah is also the festival of lights. Today everyone knows that Israel is also a light unto many nations. I want to tell you that several days ago, the President of Honduras, my friend Juan Orlando Hernandez contacted me and asked for Israel's assistance following a very severe storm that struck the country. Four days ago, an IDF Home Front Command delegation left for there, the best ambassadors that the State of Israel has. I want to thank the Defense Ministry, the IDF, the Foreign Ministry and – of course – the National Security Council in my ministry, for the excellent cooperation that speaks so well for Israel among the nations of the world." On marking three years since the American recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, with the participation of US Ambassador David Friedman: [English] "Exactly three years ago, President Trump became the first world leader to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The proclamation will now be prominently displayed on the wall of Israel’s cabinet room here in Jerusalem. It will be displayed alongside President Harry S. Truman’s 1948 proclamation recognizing the newly established State of Israel. These two historic proclamations will never be forgotten. That was only one of the many historic decisions that President Trump made during his presidency: He recognized Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. He recognized Israel’s legitimate rights in Judea and Samaria, proposed a realistic peace plan that acknowledges those rights and maintains Israel’s ability to defend itself. He forged the historic Abraham Accords, which ushered in a new period of peace that is dramatically changing the face of the Middle East before our very eyes. He withdrew from the dangerous Iran nuclear deal, placed crippling sanctions on Iran and took out the world’s most dangerous terrorist, Qassem Soleimani. And of course, he brought the US-Israel alliance to unprecedented heights. For all this and more, thank you, President Trump."
