Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_hfc040820

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today (Tuesday, 4 August 2020), toured the command center of the task force on cutting the chain of infection at IDF Home Front Command (IDFHFC) headquarters in Ramla and held an assessment and discussions on the efforts of the IDFHFC to assist in the fight against the coronavirus. Participating in discussion and the assessment with Prime Minister Netanyahu were Defense Minister Benny Gantz, Defense Ministry Minister for Civilian and Social Affairs Michael Biton, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, head of the Prime Minister’s staff Asher Hayon, IDF Deputy Chief-of-Staff Maj.-Gen. Eyal Zamir, IDFHFC GOC Maj.-Gen. Uri Gordon, Defense Ministry Director General Maj.-Gen. (ret.) Amir Eshel and other senior officials. Prime Minister Netanyahu: “I have just finished a tour of IDFHFC along with the Defense Minister. I was deeply impressed by the industrial enterprise here for cutting the chain of infection. Great efforts are being made here. There is full coordination with the Health Ministry and, of course, with national coronavirus project manager Prof. Ronni Gamzu. They are working together, coordinating with mayors, and trying to create something that in my opinion does not exist in the world – the ability of cutting [the chain of infection] at a very high level, with a very great scope. The level of morbidity is high; we must lower it and we will lower it with joint efforts. We will reach the situation in which we can locate infected people and prevent continued morbidity; this is the goal. There are dates, goals and excellent people here, including commanders and reservists, in a major, impressive and good effort.” Prime Minister Netanyahu responded to journalists’ questions about the northern sector: “We hit a cell and now we hit the dispatchers. We will do what is necessary in order to defend ourselves. I suggest to all of them, including Hezbollah, to consider this. These are not vain words; they have the weight of the State of Israel and the IDF behind them and this should be taken seriously.”
