Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_eco_corona030920

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, chaired an economic discussion with the Finance Minister and senior economic officials to evaluate additional steps to accelerate and strengthen the economy. Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the start of the discussion: "We have just come from a meeting of the Corona Cabinet. In parallel to the steps related to health and saving lives, we are also talking about strengthening the economy. Even though we were informed of an increase, even a surprising one, in the State of Israel's revenues for August, we know that there are still major difficulties. We are constantly discussing additional steps – negative income tax and other things that we are discussing, in order to provide more and more solutions to the citizens of Israel and businesses in Israel. We are not letting up even for a moment. We do not have one mission, we have two: To see to both health and the economy. The August data are good – but they are not sufficient for us. We are going to help with more things. This is the goal of this meeting, which by the way, is held on an almost daily basis." Finance Minister Yisrael Katz: "At the Corona Cabinet discussion, I pointed out that the main task facing the Prime Minister and the government is two-fold: Lowering the level of morbidity and keeping the economy open. The Cabinet discussed the issue of morbidity and treatment and decided on a series of steps. We are now sitting here in order to analyze and see the economic situation and decide on the necessary steps. In general, as the Prime Minister said, the August data were good even in relation to the pre-corona situation in most sectors. This is no wonder. We have now provided the Israeli economy, to 4.5 million Israelis who used to fly overseas, with open skies. Today they are with the open ground in Israel; they are here and accelerating activity. I very much hope that we will achieve two goals: Allowing for a lowering of morbidity and keeping the economy open." Also participating in the discussion were the head of the staff in the Prime Minister's bureau, the Acting Director General of the Prime Minister's Office, the Governor of the Bank of Israel, the head of the National Economic Council, the Director General of the Finance Ministry, the Accountant General, the Chief Economist, the head of the Israel Tax Authority, the Director General of the National Insurance Institute and other officials.
