Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start151120

Following are additional excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting, today:

"In recent days, we brought three important achievements for the State of Israel.

First, today I am submitting for Cabinet approval the joint statement with the Kingdom of Bahrain on the establishment of diplomatic, peaceful and friendly relations between Israel and Bahrain. The establishment of peaceful relations and normalization with Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Sudan constitutes a vast achievement for the State of Israel.

This is the product of a continuous effort that we have led over the years, an effort to expand the circle of peace, an effort to bring true peace, an effort to bring peace for peace.

I would like to again think our friends, President Trump and King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, and everyone who assisted – openly and covertly – in realizing these historic moves.

Second, over the weekend we were informed that the leading global credit rating agency, Standard and Poor's, has left Israel's credit rating unchanged at its high level. This is another impressive achievement, all the more so in the coronavirus period, when the credit rating and the economic forecasts of Great Britain, Canada, Hong Kong, Italy and others have declined.

This is an impressive expression of confidence in the economic policy that we have been leading.

Contrary to the various critics, we are managing the Israeli economy very well. During the coronavirus period, this is not easy, it is difficult and it is always possible to say about this or that point. But all in all, just as the international credit rating agencies have attested, and this is already the second, we are managing it correctly, and we will continue to assist whoever has been hurt by the coronavirus crisis.

Third, on Friday, we signed an agreement with Pfizer to receive eight million vaccine doses for four million citizens of Israel. Even though more work is yet before us, there are other obstacles and it will take time, we can say that we see the light at the end of the tunnel.

We are working vigorously in order to ensure that all citizens of the State of Israel will have a vaccine and that we will receive the vaccines together with the leading countries in the world.

I would like to emphasize here: Encouraging headlines about the arrival of the vaccines cannot be allowed to cause complacency. This does not absolve us of continuing to strictly adhere to the Health Ministry directives in order to save lives and guard the economy – until the vaccines arrive and even afterward."
