Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_press241020

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening , made the following remarks at his press conference:

"I would like to begin by expressing deep sorrow over the passing of Yehuda Barkan from the coronavirus. Yehuda was marvelous; he was the man we loved to love. He gave us much joy over many years. May his memory be blessed.

Citizens of Israel, yesterday we took another step toward a historic peace, peace between Israel and Sudan. I remind you that Sudan was an enemy country. It participated in war against Israel. In the Sudanese capital of Khartoum, the Arab League declared the three no's with Israel: No peace with Israel, no recognition of Israel, no negotiations with Israel. We changed all of that of course. However, some of you may not remember that Iran also used Sudan for smuggling. Iran was a country from which very dangerous weapons would be smuggled to Hamas via Sudan, the Nile valley and Sinai and this compelled me to order steps to prevent this and indeed this has changed. Happily, all of the relations began to change in recent years. At first, the steps were secret. Afterwards there were open contacts. Now there is the normalization agreement. An Israeli delegation will leave for Sudan in the coming days in order to complete the agreements.

First, I would like to thank Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni for hosting the summit meeting between me and the Chairman of the Sovereignty Council, Abdel Fattah al-Burhan, eight months ago. At this opportunity, I would also like mention the amazing Sudanese diplomat, Dr. Najwa Abbas Gadaeldam, who passed away from the coronavirus. We tried to save her, without success. She greatly aided these contacts. I would like to thank the Chairman of the Sovereignty Council, Abdel Fattah al-Burhan and Sudanese Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok for their historic decisions. Above all, I would like to again thank President Trump and his team, together with whom we are changing history. After 25 years without peace agreements, we achieved three peace agreements in six weeks. This is neither luck nor coincidental; it is the result of the clear policy that we have led and the efforts that we made in the face of all of the experts and all of the commentators who said that it was not possible. It was possible; we believed in it. I worked for it. Peace for peace, peace from strength, and peace without dangerous withdrawals and uprootings.

These agreements are good not just for security but they are good for the pocket. We are changing the map of the Middle East. You can see it here. We are now flying to the east over Saudi Arabia to the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, India and the east. This saves hours and a lot of money, of course, for the flights. And we are now flying west, over Sudan, part of our agreements that were made even before we declared about normalization, of course, via Chad, with which we have also established relations, to Brazil and South America. This is an immense change. It is a change that changes the situation. Here Israel was completely isolated and they said that we were facing a diplomatic tsunami – the complete opposite occurred. Israel is now connecting to the rest of the world, thanks to our consistent policy. I said that there would be more countries and here is another country. I tell you even now – there will be more countries.

Of course, I would also like to say a few words about the coronavirus. We made tough decisions about the restrictions that we were compelled to impose on the citizens of Israel and the citizens of Israel have cooperated. We have come down to a level of morbidity that is lower than in almost all European countries. Unfortunately, the second wave is raging there and hitting them like it is also hitting us. There is a major increase in morbidity there. I hope that they will succeed in exiting from it. I hope that these countries will succeed in lowering morbidity like we have. But I can say that there is no guarantee that we will be here [low morbidity, in reference to a graphic]. We will be here only if we adhere to the rules. Therefore, I say in advance, if morbidity comes down, the restrictions will come down. If morbidity goes up, the restrictions will come back. We have no choice. This is the only way to ensure life. I know that it is difficult. I know that there are difficulties for the self-employed. There are difficulties for businesses. We have assisted you and we will assist you more. We must do this but not at the expense of life. We will do what is necessary.

The Cabinet will meet tomorrow. I am not prepared to accept that part of the public will follow the rules and part will not. Tomorrow I will propose levying fines, dramatically increased fines, on institutions and elements that do not honor the instructions of the government and the Health Ministry. We can agree to do a lot in order to lower this, it depends on everyone. What is necessary at the moment is simply the ability to put politics aside and put the State of Israel first. Therefore, to all of my political rivals, I say: We will have enough time for politics; leave it. Now it is necessary to concentrate on one thing only, mutual guarantee, responsibility because together we will defeat this pandemic."

Prime Minister Netanyahu on the matter of the UAE:

"There is no basis to any statement to the effect that there were some secret negotiations, or that we concealed anything. There were no such negotiations. Neither was there any condition by the UAE to Israel's consenting to the sale of F-35s or any other weapons system, as a condition for the peace agreement. There was no such condition; therefore, no such consent was given. After the agreement was signed, only after the agreement was signed, the Americans turned to us and said that the UAE, which had been asking all the time for the F-35, had asked us to consider the matter in a practical manner. We – I and Defense Minister Benny Gantz – sent a professional Defense Ministry delegation to Washington which intensively and continuously discussed all these issues with the Pentagon over the last three weeks.

Our consent was given only yesterday. Following the conclusion of the delegation's work, in the wake of the assurance of Israel's qualitative military advantage and the assurance of Israel's military supremacy in the region, only yesterday did we give our consent to this deal. Therefore, this statement is simply baseless. It is simply not based on any truth. The truth is simple: There was no such consent. There was no such condition. It was given only yesterday after prolonged negotiations with the professional elements in the Defense Ministry, who, by the way, did excellent work. I think that the Defense Minister returned from Washington with very important achievements. We will discuss some of them in the ministerial committee on procurement at the start of the week."
