Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_macron220120

Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife Sara, at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem, welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron. Prime Minister Netanyahu and French President Macron had a warm and friendly meeting over breakfast. The Prime Minister called on the French President to join the pressure and sanctions against Iran, following its steps in the nuclear sphere and its aggressive actions in the region. The two discussed the situation in Lebanon and Hezbollah's project to manufacture precision missiles. They also discussed developments in Libya in light of the Turkish involvement. Prime Minister Netanyahu and French President Macron decided to establish a strategic dialogue in order to continue strengthening bilateral cooperation and to achieve the objectives regarding regional issues. Prime Minister Netanyahu congratulated French President Macron on France's request to join the regional gas forum that was established in Cairo, in conjunction with Israel, which is cooperating in the area of natural gas in the region and the export of gas from Israel. Prime Minister Netanyahu, after the meeting: "I have just concluded a pleasant, friendly and very productive working meeting over breakfast with my friend French President Emmanuel Macron. The meeting encompassed very many issues – Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Turkey, Libya and several others. We agreed to establish a strategic dialogue between Israel and France so as to allow us to continue cooperating vis-à-vis common interests. This is a very important change in Israeli foreign policy. It could assist us regarding things that are very important to the security of the state. I praised Emmanuel Macron for his steadfast position against antisemitism, which has found expression, for example, in his visit here in Jerusalem. I also called on him to deal with the matter regarding the murderer of Sarah Halimi, and also to act on the extradition of a murderer who murdered Jews in France and is now in Ramallah. He needs to be extradited to France. He promised to check on both issues."
