Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_usa131220

PM Netanyahu Meets with US National security Adviser Robert O'Brien: "US and Israel are working together closer than ever before" Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this afternoon, met with US National Security Adviser Robert O'Brien and said at the start of their meeting: "National Security Advisor O'Brien, Robert, it's a pleasure to welcome you back to Jerusalem with your team. You have an excellent ambassador, our great friend David Friedman. I want to thank you personally for your personal friendship, for your friendship to the State of Israel and for your extraordinary cooperation with our National Security Advisor, Meir Ben-Shabbat. Meir is shy but I'm not shy about speaking about the great thing he's done with you because working together, the two of you have helped produce incredible results for both our countries. Meir Ben-Shabbat well deserves the American Department of Defense's medal for Distinguished Public Service that you've just bestowed upon him. This is the highest honor that the US Department of Defense can give to a non-US citizen and it's well deserved and very moving. Thank you. Under President Trump, the United States and Israel are working together closer than ever before. We cooperate together to foil common threats. We cooperate together to bring about peace. In both areas, we've produced amazing progress. The Abraham Accords have brought about historic breakthroughs for peace with four Arab countries: the UAE, Bahrain, Sudan and now with Morocco. This is creating enormous excitement in Israel. Israelis now are faced with a great dilemma. Where to go? Dubai or Morocco? Abu Dhabi or Morocco? I'm sure we'll resolve that one. We'll go to both. None of these breakthroughs of course would have been possible without the participation and active involvement and leadership of President Trump and his able team. So once again, I say thank you President Trump. In addition, the Trump administration proposed the first truly realistic plan for an Arab-Israeli, or rather Palestinian-Israeli peace. This is the first plan to take seriously and address Israel's national and security interests. That's why I think down the line it will be the only plan that will be implemented. President Trump recognized Israeli sovereignty over the strategically crucial Golan Heights. Our close national security cooperation is also evident in our efforts to roll back Iran's aggression and stop its frantic race to the bomb. Instead of coddling the tyrants in Tehran, President Trump has adopted the policy of maximum pressure. This is a policy that I have to say is widely supported across the Middle East. Both Israelis and Arabs praised President Trump when he pulled out of the failed Iran nuclear agreement, when he re-imposed and beefed up tough sanctions on Iran, when he took out the Iranian arch terrorist, Qasem Soleimani. When Israelis and Arabs agree on so many things, it makes sense for the world to pay attention. After all, we live in this region. We know something about it. As long as Iran continues to subjugate and threaten its neighbors; as long as Iran continues calling for Israel's destruction; as long as Iran continues to bankroll, equip and train terrorist organizations throughout the region and the world; and as long as Iran persists in its dangerous quest for nuclear weapons, and the means to deliver them, we shouldn't go back to business as usual with Iran. We should all unite to prevent this major threat to world peace. I say world peace because today, the Islamic Republic of Iran is still a nasty neighborhood bully. But, if unchecked, tomorrow Iran will arm itself with nuclear tipped ICBMs that can target Europe and America and it will become a global bully, which will endanger everyone. All this must be prevented and all this can be prevented. On this, all America's friends in the region agree, and I know Robert that you agree as well. So once again I say, welcome friend. Welcome back to Jerusalem."
