Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_leaders040520

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, participated in the leaders' conference on dealing with the coronavirus, at the personal invitation of EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. Following are the Prime Minister's remarks: "Greetings to all of you from Jerusalem. Defeating the global pandemic demands a global partnership. That’s why I want to commend EU President Ursula von der Leyen for bringing together countries from around the world to combat the coronavirus. Israel, like all countries, has been greatly affected by it. Fortunately, our casualties thus far have been relatively low. This has been the result of early action to contain the disease, advance technology to locate those infected, first-rate medical professionals and a disciplined population that largely adhered to the mitigation policies enacted by our government. But as we all know, the corona epidemic is far from over. At best, we’re only at the end of the beginning. And like all countries, Israel is now trying to find the right balance between protecting the health of our citizens by preventing another spike in infections, and enabling the reopening of our economy. But ultimately, to ensure both the public health and national prosperity, we must all work together on improving diagnostics, accelerating therapies and ultimately developing a vaccine. I am confident that Israel’s leading research institutions, its world-renowned scientists and our unique culture of innovation can enable us to play an important role in advancing solutions on all three fronts. That is why Israel is pledging today sixty million dollars to these efforts. We hope to work with other countries to leverage our unique capabilities to find solutions for the benefit of all." The leaders' summit focused on improving the international efforts to develop solutions for dealing with the coronavirus, with emphasis on developing and producing a vaccine and developing drugs and equipment for patients. Leaders from around the world, senior officials from international organizations and the Gates Fund, and other elements attended (see below). The leaders discussed the global efforts on the issue in order to foster cross-country cooperation in finding medical tools in the struggle against the coronavirus. Among the participating heads of government and ministers were – inter alia –French President Emanuel Macron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte, Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison, Jordanian King Abdullah II, Omani Health Minister Dr. Ahmed Al-Saidi, Saudi Arabian Health Minister Dr. Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al-Rabiah, UN Secy.-Gen. Antonio Guterres and World Economic Forum Chairman Klaus Schwab.
