Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_carmel291220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu recorded the following remarks for the ceremony which was held today, to mark ten years since the Carmel disaster:

"Honored guests, especially the dear families of those who perished in the disastrous Carmel fire, today we bow our heads and wipe away tears in memory of the 44 victims of the terrible tragedy that occurred ten years ago.

The harsh scenes from the largest forest fire in the history of the state continue to stand before our eyes: The powerful flames, the skies blackened from smoke, the destroyed homes, the destruction of nature, the charred remains of the bus and above all – the heart-rending loss of the best of our sons and daughters: 37 Prison Service officers' course cadets and commanders, the driver of the bus who took them to evacuate prisoners from the Damun Prison, two firefighters, a youth volunteer firefighter and three police officers.

They were all imbued with a sense of mission, all were committed to the task, all were heroes. Among them were Jews, Arabs and Druze; men and women; religious and secular, veteran Israelis and new immigrants. They stood shoulder to shoulder, in mutual responsibility, until the bitter end.

In the decade that has passed since the tragedy, we have commemorated those who perished in many ways: Monuments, memorial groves, articles in the media and other initiatives. I especially want to emphasize two points: The first – learning the lessons.

We have allocated more resources and more means to the firefighting and rescue forces. We have developed the principles of fighting extensive fires and we have seen to appropriate training exercises and equipment, which provide a response to various scenarios.

Of course, above everything, in every sense of the word, we established the aerial firefighting squadron in memory of Elad Riven, the youngest of the victims. The aircraft of the 'Elad Squadron' have proven their capabilities and when fires have broken out in recent years, the squadron was there. Our squadron has also cooperated with other countries in our region. When necessary, we help them, and they help us.

The second point – the heritage. The victims of the Carmel disaster are examples of love of humanity, of the people and of the country. Their spirit of voluntarism, mental fortitude and willingness to help their fellow men at personal risk – all of these values are ingrained in the training of those who follow their path, as firefighters, in the Prison Service and in the Israel Police. Determined action – until victory.

Dear – truly dear – families, I know that these people did not come from a vacuum, they came from you. These marvelous people came from you. I know the magnitude of your pain. We embrace you. From the depths of our hearts, we all salute those who perished, whose images will be with us for generations.

May their memories be blessed.

I salute you, and love you."
