Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona_virus190220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today at Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer, held an additional large discussion on national preparations for dealing with the Coronavirus. The Prime Minister and Health Minister Yaakov Litzman toured the unique isolation facility that has been established at the special unit for medical care in emergencies. Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the start of the discussion: “I just toured the special isolation facility; it is very impressive. It uses innovative technologies and methods in order to achieve maximum isolation. Of course, we hope that none of the Israelis who have been rescued from the infected ship is infected. They are being rescued following major efforts by the Health Ministry, the Foreign Ministry, and the Government of Israel. Our policy is to prevent or postpone – as far as possible – the entry of the virus to Israel. It seems that we have been successful up until now. There are claims regarding over-preparation; I prefer – and am directing – over-preparation as opposed to under-preparation. This is the main thing we are doing here. This was the second major meeting; however, we are meeting – and being updated – all the time. I reiterate: Over-preparation is preferable to under-preparation. Moreover, I ask that the Finance Minister compensate the businesses that have been hurt, such as airlines and any other body. We are here in an event due to an outside force and we, as a nation, must deal with those who have been hurt in this matter, including citizens who have been infected and require special treatment, and, of course, businesses as well. We will do whatever needs to be done, with a steady hand at the wheel, and I think that the citizens of Israel need to know that there is a serious network here, in my view it is one of the best if not the best in the world in dealing with this phenomenon. We still do not know what will happen with this disease. We do not know if there is a pandemic or something more limited, such as we have seen with the flu or SARS. We do not know; therefore, we will continue this over-preparation until things become clear and perhaps even afterward.” Prime Minister Netanyahu praised the national preparations and the Health Ministry and directed that preparations continue for the arrival of the virus to Israel while taking a strict approach. He told the head of the National Security Council (NSC) to continue holding daily assessments, with the participation of all elements, which will evaluate policy regarding movement to and from Israel. The Prime Minister also directed that a team be established to evaluate the economic ramifications, including the possibility of compensating companies and businesses that are hurt as a result of the global epidemic. Prime Minister Netanyahu ordered that steps be taken to tighten coordination and monitoring with neighboring countries and the Palestinian Authority in order to prevent the entry of the virus to Israel. He instructed the Economy and Industry Minister to immediately establish a center to come up with alternative raw materials for industry, with sanitation products having first preference. Prime Minister Netanyahu called for another discussion to be held next week. Prior to the discussion, Prime Minister Netanyahu, Health Minister Litzman and Chaim Sheba Medical Center Director Prof. Yitzhak Kreiss toured the unique isolation facility that has been established at the special unit for medical care in emergencies. The facility was established recently, meets strict criteria for isolation that ensure maximum protection of the health of those in the facility, the medical teams and the public in Israel. A briefing was held about the specialists’ room in which remote treatment will be provided to those in isolation through advanced technologies, the facility’s other features and the isolation rooms. Dr. Gila Barkai, director of tele-medical services at Sheba, reviewed the special medical instruments that the medical team will use in the control center and the patients’ rooms. The Prime Minister then toured the facility’s isolation rooms that are equipped with special technologies. Health Minister Yaakov Litzman at the start of the discussion: “I am aware of the criticism of us that we are being too strict. Both the directives and we have said that we must be strict in order to prevent the virus from entering. With G-d’s help, we have succeeded up until now. We are facing a new phase. We are currently entering a new stage. We are bringing people back from there. We are prepared. We re-examine ourselves every day and are strict where we need to be. Regarding the elections, I had a meeting with the director general of the Central Elections Committee. We want to give anyone in isolation the right to vote. There will be special polling places where they can go.”

NSC head Meir Ben-Shabbat opened the discussion and said: “We are holding our second discussion chaired by the Prime Minister on national preparations in light of the outbreak of the Coronavirus. This discussion has three goals: One – presenting the situation, the trends and the risk-assessments. Two – a status report on the implementation of the Prime Minister’s previous directives. Three – updating the policy and commenting on its implications, to the extent necessary. I would like to recall the objectives of the policy, as determined by the Prime Minister at the previous discussion, with postponing the arrival of the virus to Israel for as long as possible first. Second, when it arrives, since it seems that it will arrive, locating it and preventing it from spreading. Patients are to be provided with maximum medical support. A vaccine and antibodies are to be developed for treatment, as per the directive to the relevant bodies at the previous meeting. The Prime Minister has stressed to you that everything is to be done to prevent its arrival and to also be prepared that it will arrive and cause morbidity, and to treat the situation as a national emergency. This means that we must act quickly and remove bureaucratic impediments. In order to assist in the foregoing, the NSC has been assigned the responsibility of coordinating and making a decision if there are disagreements.” Among those participating in the discussion were the ministers of Health, Transportation, Interior, Economy and Industry, and Regional Cooperation as well as the head of the NSC, the Acting Director General of the Prime Minister’s Office, the head of the National Economic Council, the director generals of the Foreign, Public Security, Health, Agriculture, Finance and Tourism ministries, the director general of the Population and Migration Authority, the head of the Biological Institute, the IDF Chief Medical Officer, the Finance Ministry Accountant General, the Deputy Attorney General, the director general of Magen David Adom, the director general of the Clalit HMO and additional officials including the directors of the following hospitals: Chaim Sheba at Tel Hashomer, Rambam, Asaf Harofeh, Wolfson, Barzilai and Ichilov.
