Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_update170920

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks:

"We find ourselves on the verge of a second lockdown since the global coronavirus pandemic began. This lockdown is important. This lockdown is necessary. In this lockdown we will all stand together – and I will immediately add further remarks.

Even when I was in Washington, I dealt with the coronavirus crisis every moment that I could, including with my friend Vice President Mike Pence, who is in charge of coronavirus matters in the US. I spoke with him about important cooperation between Israel and the US on this issue.

We made history in Washington. We established two historic peace agreements – with the United Arab Emirates and with Bahrain. All of us together will see the first fruits of these agreements very quickly and, of course, they will stand for generations. Today, the Abu Dhabi investment office announced that it was opening its first branch in Israel. This is what true peace looks like, peace for peace. We are beginning a new era of peace in the Middle East. The attempts of Iran and its proxies in Gaza and Lebanon to thwart the expansion of peace will not succeed. We will hit whoever attacks us and we will expand the circle of peace with additional countries. And I can already inform you – there will be additional countries.

Of course, as soon as I landed in Israel, I immediately delved into the missions before us. There are two: The economy and health. In the economic sphere, this evening we are announcing another important assistance plan. It is important for you, citizens of Israel. It is important for businesses in the State of Israel. We will provide grants for retaining workers. We will expand state-guaranteed loans. We will bring forward payment of the grants. We will provide grants for permanent expenditures for businesses that were hurt by at least 25%, not 40% but 25% and more. At the same time we will cut the salaries of senior officials because we must all bear the burden.

We are capable of doing all this because our economy is in a better situation than most economies of the world. I remind you that in the first wave of the coronavirus, we were among the first countries that closed its borders and imposed a lockdown; therefore, we were also among the first countries that that emerged from lockdown and opened its economy. Thanks to the correct decisions that we made, the severe morbidity and mortality in Israel were among the lowest in the world, and our economy was hurt much less than those of most developed countries. European economies were hit twice as hard as ours. The second coronavirus wave, which has reached us, is hitting many countries. In almost every European country, they opened their economies – and morbidity increased; therefore, these countries are now imposing restrictions including localized lockdowns. I will give you an example. In Australia, a lockdown was imposed on the State of Victoria, which has 6.6 million residents. Its area is significantly greater than that of Israel. This is what countries are doing and I estimate that they will all, in the end, make the tough decision that we are facing – to impose a general lockdown, and in my opinion, most of them will have to do so, without any choice. I told you as soon as we opened the economy that it would work like an accordion. We open it when morbidity declines down and close it when morbidity rises. We determined in advance that one of the criteria for imposing restrictions would depend on the red flag being waved by the health system. It waved this flag last week. Therefore, we are imposing the lockdown, as of 14:00 tomorrow [Friday, 18 September].

Indeed this is a lockdown, but there are lockdowns and there are lockdowns. We still made every effort, everyone, to balance between health and economic needs. With this, in recent days, we have seen another worrying increase in morbidity or continued growth in the number of severe cases. Therefore, I held a long conversation today with Heath Minister Yuli Edelstein, national coronavirus project director Prof. Ronni Gamzu and professional experts. I asked them one question: 'Does this situation require us to further tighten the restrictions?' And by the way, I want to tell you, this was not a nerve-wracking conversation, it was a very substantive conversation, with very serious and in-depth discussion that was held among serious people. Now, I estimate, in light of this conversation, that in this morbidity situation, and as many experts recommended, it could be that we will have no choice but to make the directives more stringent. Of course, I will discuss this with my colleagues, with Benny Gantz and with the ministers. I will discuss with them in a substantive and responsible manner. But I will already tell you, I will not impose a lockdown on the citizens of Israel for no reason, and I will not hesitate to add further restrictions if it is necessary. We are considering everything with due seriousness and full responsibility. Health Minister Yuli Edelstein will relate to this presently.

My obligation and responsibility as Prime Minister is to safeguard not only your health but your lives. And if there is a geometric increase, I want you to understand the significance. It is not only a lack of comfort, or many severe cases, it is a situation in which even after we added beds, and we added, even after we added the required ventilators, and we added, after we added doctors and nurses, in the end the teams could not endure the pace, there is a limit here. And then the number of deaths is rising quickly. And when it rises quickly, you all come and ask: 'Wait a minute, why haven't you done anything about this?' Because hindsight is always 20/20, but the job of leaders is to look forward, sometimes even when you do not see, you ask the right questions and make the tough decisions. I will not hesitate to make them together with my ministerial colleagues.

But I have two important directives that are always valid and do not change. They will determine, to a large part, our future path. The two most important directives are to wear masks and avoid gatherings. Avoid gatherings and wear masks until we achieve a vaccine. On this there are no compromises. As long as countries and populations do this, they are called upon less to take harsher measures. This has been checked and proven. I ask you, everyone, undertake these two missions because they are more important than any decision we will make. This is a decision that each and every one you makes in your lives on behalf of those you love and who are important to you, and for all citizens of Israel.

I must tell you, I said 'until a vaccine is found'. Today, after holding conversations with various countries regarding vaccines and how to achieve them, I believe that we are approaching that day. But I also emphasize that it will take time. It will take a few more months until we see the first vaccines. And it will then take time until we receive them. I am working together with the Health Minister to receive them faster. It will take time, but it is apparent, something which I could not tell you a few weeks or a few months ago.

Citizens of Israel, these are days of a common national effort by all of us. The main thing I am telling you is that health and the economy are in our hands. This is the time for responsibility – personal responsibility and mutual guarantee. We will defeat the coronavirus but only together will we do so. Therefore, with G-d's help, we will win."
