Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_control_center090120

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, along with Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, toured the Israel Police Traffic Branch control center at Beit Dagan and held an assessment of the situation with all emergency and search and rescue agencies in light of the stormy weather. The Prime Minister was briefed on the deployment of forces and the increased readiness due to the weather, and also spoke with emergency switchboard operators about their work in dealing with events. Prime Minister Netanyahu after the tour: “I just held an exhaustive discussion about the problems of the moment with the Public Security Minister, Israel Police Acting Commissioner and the heads of the emergency organizations. We are making the State of Israel more efficient and sophisticated in using technology and databases in order to deal with these natural disasters. This disaster, the recent rains have exacted the very heavy and tragic price of seven lives. I would like to send condolences on behalf of all citizens of Israel to the families, including the family of Motti Ben-Shabbat, a hero. I have one request. Our first goal before all else is saving lives. In order to save lives, to prevent most incidents, I ask that you follow the instructions from the police and emergency agencies. If you hear them, it is exactly like a missile attack. You know that if you follow the instructions, in most cases, in almost all of them, you will not be in danger. Therefore, this is the first request.” Prime Minister Netanyahu added about the elevator disaster: “This disaster tore all of our hearts. I do not think that there is anyone who can remain indifferent to these tragic deaths. The matter is currently being investigated and checked. It is too early to give conclusions. When the inquiries are finished, they will be published.” Prime Minister Netanyahu added: “I have one request. There will be flooding in the Negev. Do not go to see it. Do not stand on the edge of the streambed. From experience, I tell you – the stream could burst its banks very quickly. Do not go to see the floods; watch them on television.” Prime Minister Netanyahu on the assistance to Nahariya: “The director general of my office stands ready to help with special assistance. We will certainly do this.” # Prime Minister Netanyahu directed that new approaches and technologies be developed in order to deal with these types of situations. Prime Minister at the start of the assessment: “I thank you for your accelerated efforts. This is a multi-faceted effort by many authorities and agencies that is designed to do the main thing – saving lives. My instruction is to save lives. This is the directive that you are passing down through the operational ranks and I would like to pass this along to the citizenry. Follow instructions.” Also participating in the assessment were – inter alia – Israel Police Acting Commissioner Motti Cohen, Fire and Rescue Service Commissioner Dedi Tsimchi, Israel Prison Service Acting Commissioner Asher Vaknin, MDA Director General Eli Binn, IDF Home Front Command Chief-of-Staff Brig.-Gen. Itzik Bar, Union of Local Authorities Chairman Chaim Bibes and a representative from the Israel Meteorological Service.
