Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start240520

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting: “Today we are marking two festive events: The first Cabinet meeting of the 35th Government here in Jerusalem and, of course, Jerusalem Day for our eternal – and undivided – capital. We raise Jerusalem above our greatest joy. We are developing it and moving it forward in various fields. I must say that this development and the status of Jerusalem, received renewed impetus from the historic decision of our friend, the President of the United States, President Trump, who decided to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, thereby correcting a historic injustice, and who also decided to move the embassy here to our capital. I can tell you that other countries have already taken this step or are on the road to doing so. Today, I ask the director generals of the Prime Minister’s Office and the Heritage Ministry, together with Finance Minister Yisrael Katz, to prepare a special NIS 200 million plan to continue developing and strengthening Jerusalem. This is also important in the corona era. This is important because Jerusalem is always our greatest joy. I can conclude and say: Next year in the rebuilt and healthy Jerusalem. I am pleased to see you all here around the Cabinet table. The citizens of Israel chose us by a sweeping majority and asked that we sit together, and cooperate and work together on their behalf, and – of course – they are right. This government represents all citizens of Israel without exception. I request that we take two of the most important and immediate steps today, which we announced in advance: One, to form the Security Cabinet and two, to form the Corona Cabinet. Of course, on the security side, the security challenges have not stopped for a moment, neither have the threats. You certainly heard the ruler of Iran, Khamenei, threatening our destruction. Whoever threatens us with destruction will certainly not succeed, but places himself in great danger. I would like to reiterate that our policy is to oppose Iranian aggression in every place and to oppose Iran’s attempts to entrench in Syria. We are active constantly and, of course, we oppose Iran’s attempt to place or develop in Syria weapons to serve its proxies and forces that could endanger the State of Israel. At the same time, we must continue dealing with the danger of the corona pandemic. At the moment, the immediate mission that we are dealing with is the economic mission. We are very active in the economic sphere, but want to do more, first and foremost to act together to put people back to work. I spoke about this with the Finance Minister several times last week. We will immediately put into action plans that will bring jobs, jobs and jobs. We will help the self-employed and small business owners to restore the economy to growth. Therefore, I have instructed to increase the economic plan to NIS 100 billion. We will add another NIS 14 billion. We will invest the additional budget in – inter alia – a plan to encourage employment, a fund to assist businesses that cannot return to regular activity in the near future, and plans to accelerate the economy. We have also increased the loan fund for small and intermediate businesses from NIS 8 billion to NIS 14 billion and we have expanded the sections regarding assistance so that we will be able to distribute the money to whoever needs it. I will reveal to everyone who still does not know it that among the small joys in public life for me is to take an axe and chop through the bureaucracy. Therefore, we want to wield the axe together and chop through the bureaucracy that is preventing or delaying the giving of this assistance to the people who deserve it. I expect all of you to work together and cooperate out of genuine unity. Everyone around this table will be able to say what they want, just like I do, and I will even shorten the time to listen to the remarks, not to pretend to listen, but to really pay attention and try to understand the various claims so that we can cooperate – Benny, myself and you – and make the most correct decisions for the State of Israel and the citizens of Israel.” "Not only have we greeted all Muslim citizens of the country, but over the past two days I have also spoken with the leaders of Sudan and Chad. On your behalf, I extended to them Eid al-Fitr greetings and also wished for the continued strengthening of relations between us. More Muslim countries are on the way.” “I would like to congratulate our friend Minister Merav Cohen on the birth of a son. I called her last night and told her that alongside her work in the government, I very much recommend that she take time for the family and the children because this time will not come back. I am certain that you all join me in congratulating her. We will see her back with us soon.”
