Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_statements110620

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks , at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, at the press conference with Finance Minister Yisrael Katz and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein:

"Citizens of Israel, our policy vis-à-vis the corona crisis is based on two rules: Stopping the virus and freeing the economy. This evening I have good news for you, and also news that is not so good.The good news is about our economic situation. We have preliminary signs that our economy is beginning to return to itself.

First, I would like to show you this piece of data. This data is from Google regarding time spent at workplaces. [A slide is shown]. You see that at the beginning of the crisis we were on a high level. We declined as a result of the restrictions we imposed and for other reasons. We nosedived to almost 80%, and are gradually rising.

This is one piece of data. The second piece of data is regarding time spent at retail and leisure venues [a slide is shown]. You see here that before the crisis, we were on a high level, we declined and came back up, not completely, but we are rising almost to where we were. This is not scientific data. We also see similar data, but not precise and scientific, regarding credit cards, in preliminary data from the Central Bureau of Statistics. We see this in cars on the highways, and people in stores and malls. However, I must say that the problem has not been resolved. The distress of people, businesses and the self-employed who have been hurt in the crisis – is genuine. It speaks to our hearts. We have not stopped dealing with it.

We have taken a series of steps to ease the distress and put the economy back on track to stability and growth. You see some of them [a slide is shown]: A direct NIS 500 grant for every child, elderly person and handicapped person – at a cost of NIS 2.3 billion; NIS 15.5 billion in financing for unemployment benefits; NIS 5.2 billion in grants to small and intermediate-sized businesses; NIS 24 billion in state-guaranteed credit for businesses; a three-month property tax exemption for businesses; NIS 7,500 for every employee who is returned to work, at a cost of NIS 5.5 billion; and other steps. Finance Minister Yisrael Katz will present the decision and the grants to incentivize the return of employment to the economy. He will also announce new moves to assist various sectors of the public. To summarize, this evening I can say, and we can all take pride, that the good news is that the Israeli economy is improving.

Now, the not so good news. I want you to see our rate of infection [A slide is shown.] You see that we started without infection, on the red line, you see the start of the climb. When we were here, at around 200 cases a day, we saw the doubling every few days. We decided, more or less at that time, to take restrictive measures. This was insufficient to stop the sharp increase. We reached almost 800 cases a day. However, because we took restrictive measures, morbidity began to decline. It declined to the low point that you see here. When we reached a situation of around 20 – and even fewer – cases a day, we opened up the economy and loosened the restrictions. Of course these restrictions also included the cooperation of the public in wearing masks, maintaining distance and washing hands, etc.

We loosened the restrictions on the economy but what happened was that we began to go up. We have already passed the line from yesterday of about 230 cases. This means that we are at the place where the sharp increase – that brought us to a very great danger of severe cases and people dying – started, the same things that we wanted to prevent and that we prevented and which have happened in other countries. The increase is not as sharp as we had previously but it is too sharp. We are no longer seeing a few isolated cases or even a few dozen, we are seeing several hundred and it is climbing quickly. The distance between 200 – here [a slide is shown], a record, what was here, is a distance of ten days. This means that we cannot allow a return to a geometric rate of increase because this would, in the end, mean that people will be sick, that people will be very sick and, to our regret, that people will also die. Therefore, we must stop this increase in time. If it continues, we will have to reimpose the restrictions and then the economy will also stop of course.

Why is this happening? Why is it growing again? First, the virus is here. The virus does not care what we want. It does not care about our economy. It does not care about anything. It cares only about one thing – Are we keeping the rules or are we not? To our regret, we have slackened in keeping the rules. I say this directly and plainly. We have all slackened in keeping the rules. As one of the ministers said 'The beaches were so crowded that there wasn't even room for an ice lolly. The pubs were so crowded that there wasn't even room for a coaster.'

I understand the difficulty. It is challenging for all of us. It also challenges me. I am asking you to do what I have been taking strict care to do in recent days. I am asking you to be mindful of distance, masks and hands. I know that nobody wants to be the one who pesters but tell others 'Be mindful of distance, masks and hands.' I am quite serious. The pandemic is rampant in the world. Seven million people have been infected and over 400,000 have died. There is a very sharp increase, [including] in South America and Brazil. I spoke the other day with the leader of India where there has been a very sharp increase. In our region as well, there have been very sharp increases. The virus does not give up; it only respects those who respect the rules.

Therefore, I can tell you that thanks to the timely decisions that we made and thanks to your cooperation, citizens of Israel, we have prevented the spread of the pandemic in Israel. I am asking you to go back to keeping the rules. If we keep the rules, they will keep us, and we will be able to continue opening up our economy and our culture, and returning our lives almost to what they were before, in the corona routine, until – with G-d's help – we find a vaccine. With G-d's help, if we go back to working together in the spirit of mutual responsibility we will overcome the disease."
