Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona270220

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Health Minister Yaakov Litzman, Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon, Tourism Minister Yariv Levin, Health Ministry Director General Z, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, today , visited the special MDA coronavirus switchboard. Prime Minister Netanyahu: “As soon as the coronavirus appeared, I determined a policy of over-preparation, not under-preparation, for the State of Israel. There was criticism of this but I thought, and still think, that an overly cautious policy is the correct one. Therefore, since the health of Israeli citizens is our chief concern, we have taken steps that other countries have not. We were the first in the world to block flights from countries in which the virus has a significant presence. We have also taken other measures. Today, I am announcing another step that we have started to implement, which to the best of my knowledge, is the first in the world. We are the pioneering state that is taking these steps. We are asking whoever comes here from any country in the world, who has the signs of the virus, to call MDA at 101 immediately. There are paramedics and medical personnel here who will respond and, afterwards, doctors who will question anyone with these signs. If it proves necessary, MDA will send paramedics to the home of the respondent to carry out the test – a home test kit. This is innovative and could prevent the spread of the disease. I ask that all Israeli citizens cooperate. I know that there is also a not simple economic burden for the airlines and businesses. I have appointed Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon to head a ministerial committee in order to assist those businesses and airlines. The citizens of Israel need to know that there is a steady and responsible hand here. We want caution and more caution but we also want responsibility. Therefore, I ask citizens to listen to instructions, cooperate with the authorities and – of course – not be swept away into excessive concerns. We will issue instructions according to developments. Just as we have been the most advanced country in the world in this area up until now – so we will continue to be.” The Prime Minister added: “As you see, we are acting responsibly, methodically and with a desire to enlist the cooperation of the public. Yesterday, I was at a very moving ceremony, together with the Finance and Health ministers, in which we laid the cornerstone of a new hospital in the north, in Kiryat Ata. I asked to meet Arabic-speaking doctors from the area. I met Prof. Fahed Hakim, the director of the English Hospital in Nazareth, and Dr. Suniya Habib, a doctor from Haifa, and I asked them a simple question: ‘Are the instructions that we are now giving in Hebrew also reaching Israeli citizens who are Arabic-speakers?’ They assured me and confirmed that this was so. We hope that this will not reach every home but it will still reach homes, and will require isolation at home. I ask, according to ability, even though it is burdensome, if isolation is necessary – one person per room. I know that it will be crowded for the other people in the flat but I ask you to do this. We can control the disease. To the best of my knowledge, we are working better than any other country in the world. This also depends on the instructions that we are issuing from here, from government offices and from the Prime Minister’s Office. It also depends on you, citizens of Israel, all of you, without exception. I thank you for cooperating.”
