Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start020820

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks, today, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting: “First, I would like to take leave of Minister Tzipi Hotovely. Tzipi, I want to thank you for years of dedicated work, both in the Knesset and the Cabinet. You were Deputy Foreign Minister, my deputy, for years. I was impressed by your dedicated work and by your willingness to learn things and to stand up for things – to stand up for our rights here in our land and the justice of the international struggle. I am certain that these qualities and this experience will find maximum and important expression for the State of Israel in in the important place to which you are going, Great Britain. We know that there are complex challenges there and there is major work to do. I am certain that you will succeed. National Coronavirus Project Director Prof. Ronni Gamzu will, tomorrow, in the Corona Cabinet, present the necessary steps to lower the basic reproduction number and the scope of morbidity in the State of Israel. Only by cooperation between the government and the public, first on strict adherence to the rules of masks, distancing, hygiene and reducing gatherings, only these will help us flatten the curve, take control of the pandemic and organize a long-term routine until a vaccine is found. I expect all Cabinet ministers to help Prof. Gamzu and act for the success of the plan to protect the citizens of Israel. I have also instructed ministers to present to me detailed work plans for managing the corona routine in each ministry. These plans include various steps as per the possible patterns of morbidity in order to allow both the ministries and the economy to function. We will start to deal with these plans at the next meeting of the Corona Cabinet. Citizens of Israel, some of you will see the grant for every citizen in your bank accounts today. This is another important step that will ease the economic burden for those who have been hurt by the coronavirus and we will present additional economic plans to you soon. I condemn any kind of violence. It has no place, on any side, and we have zero tolerance for any display of violence or any threat of violence, from any side, toward anyone.
