Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_business_assistance240420

The Cabinet, approved Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon's NIS 8 billion plan for extended assistance to the self-employed and small businesses.

The assistance plan includes a grant for regular expenses of up to NIS 400,000 per business depending on the degree to which activity has declined and a second, extended assistance stipend for the self-employed, in the framework of which they will be eligible for a grant of up to 70% of their regular income up to NIS 10,500. The NIS 8 billion plan is in addition to previous measures.

Following in-depth staff work carried out by senior Finance Ministry officials, the Tax Authority and senior Prime Minister's Office (PMO) officials, led by PMO Director General Ronen Peretz, and after dialogue with the self-employed and small business owners, the outline of an assistance plan for the self-employed and small business owners who have been hurt as a result of the significant decline in economic activity during the coronavirus crisis, has been determined. This is a significant assistance measure toward restoring the economy to regular activity.

The assistance package is in addition to the steps that have already been taken for the benefit of the business sector including – inter alia – designated assistance stipends for the self-employed, three-month exemptions from property taxes for businesses, the establishment of state-guaranteed loan funds for small and intermediate businesses, the financing of expenses for workers on unpaid leave and tax rebates.

The outline includes:

* Grant for regular expenses for small businesses – NIS 5.2 billion

A designated grant for small businesses (turnover of NIS 20 million), the sales turnover of which has been significantly hurt in March-April as a result of the economic effects of the spread of the coronavirus, in order to assist in covering regular expenses. The grant will also be given to non-profit associations that are defined as eligible public institutions. The grant may be up to NIS 400,000 depending on the degree to which activity has declined. The grant will be paid by the Tax Authority beginning in May.

* Designated assistance stipend for the self-employed – NIS 2.8 billion

In continuation of the first installment, which was paid in April, a designated assistance grant will be paid to the self-employed the scope of whose activity has declined by at least 25% in March-June. The grant, which will be paid directly to bank accounts, will be 70% of their average regular income, up to NIS 10,500. This group also includes wage-earners with controlling interests. It will be possible to apply for the grant via the Tax Authority starting in the first week of May.
