Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start310520

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks, today , at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting: “Recently, there has been an increase in morbidity and with it a loosening of discipline. I do not know whether to say ‘with it’ or ‘because of it’; the data are still not clear. Yesterday we received around 28 new cases with relatively low testing, meaning that this is a bigger number. We are interested, of course, in increasing the number of tests; we have the capability. We must engage the public and also initiate these things. Nevertheless, there is no doubt that there is a relative increase vis-à-vis what we became accustomed to in recent weeks, which is to say that corona is not behind us. In order to determine whether or not there is a genuine change in the trend, we will consider – over the coming days – our future steps and we will change our policy accordingly if need be. We ask you, citizens of Israel, government ministers and MKs, to serve as examples and adhere to the rules: Wear masks, maintain distance and, of course, be strict about hygiene. Over the holiday, we held consultations at which we discussed the next three steps: First, amend the purple badge standard for businesses. It must be adapted to the true situation and the reality on the ground in the public sphere. Afterwards, strict enforcement, including a network of inspectors that has not yet been activated and which must be activated, and boosting the network of testing as I have mentioned, in an initiated manner as well. I believe that with the cooperation of the general public, we will keep the economy open, lead to renewed economic growth and bring back jobs. At the cabinet meeting last week, I instructed – inter alia – that the assistance plan for the economy be updated so that employers who did not put workers on unpaid leave during the crisis would also be eligible to receive significant compensation. Several ministers raised the subject and I think that it must be considered. Today, the Finance Minister will present the full plan for encouraging employment in the economy, but I specially requested, pursuant to my conversation with the Alternate Prime Minister and Defense Minister, and with the Finance Minister, that it be started after it is passed in the Knesset, consultations with ministers and perhaps the public as well, in order to determine the allocation of the amount that has been budgeted for this objective. I hope that we will be able to increase it as well. The Defense Minister and the Health Minister could not attend the statement that we issued after the Sabbath was out and I ask them to add some remarks on the subject following the conclusion of my remarks. I instructed the Finance Minister, the Regional Cooperation Minister and the director general of my office to meet this week with the heads of the Druze and Circassian communities – and formulate a five-year plan for our brothers from these communities. It must be remembered that at the start of the year, we approved over NIS 200 million for continuing the plans under the transitional government as well. If I am not mistaken, around NIS 130 million out the NIS 200 million has already been budgeted and now, upon the formation of the new government, we will promptly submit for approval an additional five-year plan. This is also a great privilege for us, and I hope that you will complete the discussions with the communities’ representatives forthwith so we can bring them additional achievements.”
