Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_corona020820

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks, at the press conference following his visit to the coronavirus control center at Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer:

"We have just finished a working meeting, the Health Minister, the Health Ministry Director General, the head of the National Security Council and Prof. Gamzu of course. Tomorrow we plan to present Prof. Gamzu's recommendations.

We are trying to act on several main axes. First and foremost, cutting the chain of infection. There is a question of mathematical and statistical models here, I will not get into that at the moment; however, I think that we are on the right direction here. It requires cooperation by the population – masks, maintaining distance, hygiene and avoiding gatherings.

Today was an important day. We opened it with a Cabinet decision about the beginning of the school year. This is a complicated move, with major budgetary outlays. You worked on this, Yuli, with the Education Minister and the Finance Minister. I approved this move and the Cabinet ratified it. This is important in order to get the school year underway. This is very important for the economy

Secondly, today the grants were received, a grant for each citizen. 99.57% of children received the grants, 1.25 million families. Another 40,000 businesses received the previous phases that we promised them. The money arrived, in the case of the grants, directly to citizens' bank accounts. This is only part of our continuing plan to provide incentives for the economy, to move the wheels of the economy because these are the two important things: Health and the economy

I have also asked the ministries to bring me their long-term plans, which we will discuss together with Ronni and this team, about moving forward on transportation, about moving the various ministries forward – all of the main aspects of running the country, in both the short- and long- terms so that we can ensure the successful transition from the coronavirus.

Lastly, we are purchasing options for vaccines. We also discussed this. I cannot tell you that a vaccine will be found but the signs at the moment seem encouraging; it is too early to tell. But if there will be vaccines, I want the State of Israel to have access to these vaccines. First of all for the medical teams and populations at risk and afterwards – of course – for the rest of the population."
