Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_education250820

Prime Minister Netanyahu heard from school principal Inbal Seton about the preparations being made for the start of the school year. The Prime Minister also toured the various classrooms and saw how they have been prepared for the opening of the school year, according to the Education Minister's outline. The tour was also attended by Jerusalem Mayor Moshe Lion, Jerusalem Municipality Education director Aviv Keinan, and teachers from the school staff. Prime Minister Netanyahu after the tour: "I am excited to come here to [the neighborhood of] Har Homa, because I remember that in 1997, shortly after I was first elected Prime Minister, I made a decision to establish and build Har Homa. It was done in the face of global opposition, and now there are tens of thousands of residents and many pupils and schools, and teachers and educators. I am very happy that we are starting the school year on 1 September in the corona format, continuing the education of the children. We are facing a global epidemic today and we are not giving in to it. We are starting the school year because it is important for the children's' education and it is also important for our economy, to allow parents to go to work. I am currently talking to the Minister of Finance about introducing additional plans, including advancing a negative income tax, to encourage and reward going to work, and we have more plans on the way. I am very happy to hear that there is a willingness here to implement my pedagogical recommendation. Minister of Education, I want to thank you for everything you do and also to you Mayor and the head of education for the Jerusalem Municipality. I am very happy that there is a new decision to start every school day – for one minute, in front of all children – by repeating the rules. We may also introduce this at government meetings." Education Minister Galant: "The school year will start on September 1, as planned, and according to the plan of the Ministry of Education. I thank the Prime Minister and the members of the government for approving the 'Learning in Security' program, which the Ministry of Education has been working on, under my leadership, in recent months. When I see the impressive preparations by the schools for the start of the school year in the Corona routine, I am completely confident that the school year will start in the best way for the pupils, parents and teaching staff."
