Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_institute060820

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, spoke by videoconference with Israel Institute for Biological Research (IIBR) Director General Prof. Shmuel C. Shapira and the heads of the IIBR research team and congratulated them on the progress in developing a vaccine against the coronavirus, ahead of the stage of human trials, which will start after the fall holidays. Prime Minister Netanyahu: “I am pleased to hear about the progress and I want to congratulate you on it. Continue on this path with the maximum speed that you deem scientifically sufficient. I directed that a vaccine be developed here in Israel out of great faith in our people and our abilities as a country.” Prime Minister Netanyahu instructed that staff work be advanced to evaluate the establishment of vaccine production in Israel. IIBR Director General Prof. Shapira: “Six months ago, you dispatched us to bring a vaccine and antibodies to the State of Israel. We have carried out the mission, and are carrying it out in the best way possible. We have an excellent vaccine. This is the first vial of the vaccine; since last Thursday, we have a vaccine.” Prime Minister Netanyahu directed that the process be continued ahead of the completion of the trials and the production of the vaccine so that Israel will have safe and effective vaccines for all residents of Israel by the end of the first quarter of 2021. The IIBR’s rate of progress until now has been in keeping with the timetables determined at the outset by the National Security Council (NSC), the Defense Ministry and the Health Ministry. Prime Minister Netanyahu also instructed that action be taken toward defining an outline to allow other countries to purchase vaccine options from Israel. The financing thus obtained will be able to assist in the establishment of production capabilities and processes. IIBR activity to develop a vaccine began immediately with the State of Israel’s preparations to deal with the coronavirus. The Prime Minister set for the IIBR the goal of developing a vaccine or of becoming involved in efforts to develop one. Accordingly, a detailed plan was prepared, resources were allocated and efforts were made by IIBR research teams, with the assistance of the NSC, the Defense Ministry and the Health Ministry. Diplomatic steps were also taken to support some of the actions necessary to secure approval for the vaccine, in order to allow for strict regulation of the experiments carried out by the IIBR.
