Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_cabinet_corona051020

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Corona Cabinet meeting today: "We are all obligated to uphold the rules regarding gatherings and the other rules related to the coronavirus routine. This includes ministers, MKs and all public servants. Regarding Minister Gamliel, I suggest that we wait with the conclusions until the completion of the check now being carried out at the Health Ministry. I think that this is the right thing to do, It is worthwhile to act according to the data and the checks and not according to preliminary reports, and I am suggesting here to wait. We will receive the full picture very soon. Regarding violations of the lockdown, first of all I send condolences to the followers of the Pittsburgher Rebbe. However, regarding the funeral in Ashdod, this was a severe violation of the rules. This creates two problems that we have also seen with other gatherings, both an incubator for the coronavirus and the fraying of unity. This is unacceptable. We also see this in prayer services to my regret and also in the demonstrations. I call on both the ultra-orthodox and the secular publics, on all citizens of Israel, to honor the rules. We want a uniform honoring and enforcement of the rules. There is an attempt here to do this despite the great difficulty inherent in the matter. In the end, we need the cooperation of the citizens of Israel and of public leaders. Simchat Beit Hashoeivah is before us. The rabbis themselves have said this year – refrain from this. Simchat Beit Hashoeivah could very quickly become a tragedy. Therefore, the rule is simple – 'he that keeps his soul holds himself far [Proverbs 22:5]' and 'take you therefore good heed unto yourselves [Deuteronomy 4:15].' I request the cooperation of everyone in one effort during Sukkot – to unite the people of Israel around these simple rules. I say this for the entire public that is at these gatherings – watch yourselves. Watch your dear ones and watch the citizens of Israel. This is exactly what is required at the moment. Every violation harms every one of you, your dear ones and the citizens of Israel. We must act according to the data. Yesterday, I said that there is cautious optimism but that I am more cautious than the cautious. I think that we have learned that it is worthwhile to work in a very measured and orderly manner. At the moment, we are collecting the data on a daily basis. We will have data only after next weekend, after Sunday. The Health Minister has asked to collect the data by Monday, after Simchat Torah, in order to make a rational decision. Therefore, I do not intend to bring the easing or intensification of restrictions regarding the lockdown until Monday. Regarding the indicators and the goals for defining the stages of the exit – this is not an easy decision. We see what is happening at the moment, not just with us, but in the world. There is a second wave in Europe and it is strengthening. In Madrid, Paris and London, it seems that they will quickly enter lockdown. Restrictions are also being eased there but they are already there. Europe opened up after us and it is closing after us, but it is also closing. I think that we need to be very, very responsible in how we act, and when I say responsible this is not at all influenced at the moment by pressures or demands from the various sectors and other things. The more that we stand together, the more we will be able to do this. If there is one thing that characterized the first wave, it is that we stood together as a unified government. If we want to achieve the same welcome results that were in the first wave, we must also stand together now. This means that people can speak their minds but that we all unite in the end around the decision that we make here in the Corona Cabinet and if necessary in the full Cabinet. I very much hope that we are on a downward trend. We could easily miss it and we can also strengthen it only if we act rationally and responsibly."
