Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start260120

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning , at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: “Last week, dozens of leaders came to Israel for an impressive conference marking 75 years since the liberation of the Auschwitz extermination camp. I would like to commend President Reuven Rivlin for his important work in convening this forum. I would also like to commend Silvan Shalom who, as Foreign Minister, initiated International Holocaust Memorial Day, which we will mark tomorrow. I would also like to commend UAE Foreign Minister Abdullah Bin Zaid for his important remark. He brought up the memory of the victims of the Holocaust and called for a fight against racism, hatred and extremism. Abdullah Bin Zaid’s remark is pioneering regarding the Arab world’s attitude toward the Holocaust. It is also a sign of change regarding the Arab world’s attitude toward Israel, one more such sign. I commend the visit of Dr. Mohammed Al-Issa, Chairman of the Muslim World League in Saudi Arabia, to Auschwitz last Thursday. This is another sign of change in the attitude of Islamic bodies – and, of course, the Arab states – toward the Holocaust and the Jewish people. Last week, I met with US Vice President Mike Pence, Russian President Vladimir Putin, French President Emmanuel Macron and additional leaders. I spoke with all of them about Iran primarily. With Vice President Pence, I spoke about the continuation of pressure on Iran and the increase of sanctions against it, as well as about my anticipated meeting with President Trump. With Russian President Putin, I spoke about the situation in Syria and the continued sensitive and important security coordination between our militaries. Of course, I thanked him for his willingness to effect a quick solution to the matter of Naama Issachar. He also had a very moving meeting, at the Prime Minister’s Residence, with Naama’s mother, Yafa Issachar. At my meeting with French President Macron, I called on him to join the condemnation of the scandalous decision against Israel by the International Criminal Court in The Hague. We are in the midst of very dramatic diplomatic events, but the peak is yet before us. I will soon leave for Washington where I will meet with my friend, US President Donald Trump, who will present his ‘plan of the century.’ I think that such an opportunity occurs once in history and we cannot miss it. For three years, I have spoken with President Trump and his staff about our security and national needs – many dozens of conversations, hundreds of hours. In all these talks, I have found an attentive ear in the White House to the State of Israel’s vital needs. I am leaving for Washington with a sense of great mission, great responsibility and great opportunity, and I am full of hope that we will be able to make history.”
