Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_negev081120

Pursuant to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's policy of advancing the development of the periphery and the drawing of population from the center of the country to the Negev and in accordance with the government policy of strengthening the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip, the Cabinet, today, approved the Prime Minister's proposal to evaluate the establishment of a new community for 500 families in the Sdot Negev Regional Council area, east of Kibbutz Sa'ad. The provisional name of the community will be Hanun. The Construction and Housing Ministry will coordinate the staff work on establishing the community in cooperation and conjunction with the necessary government ministries. Prime Minister Netanyahu met today with Sdot Negev Regional Council Chairman Tamir Idan and congratulated him on the decision. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "This is a great day for the State of Israel. We are building a new community in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip. I remember six years ago, when I was here with you Tamir, and I told you 'Let us build a new community.' This captured my imagination and my heart and we have decided to do it, and here we are implementing it. Then Construction and Housing Minister Yoav Gallant was a full partner in this matter. I am proud that we passed the decision in the Cabinet today. We are moving forward. I said that there are things that need to be done, for example to build a fence so that we would not be flooded with illegal migrants from Africa, and we did it. For example, to build transportation, highways, we have not yet finished this, we will need to do it. For example, to submit all kinds of economic projects, we are in the midst of doing this – but the most important thing is the excitement, the enthusiasm, the fire, and you have proven this. I would like to thank you and congratulate all of the communities. This is both a domestic and an external message. We face enemies who want to uproot us and they are realizing that not only are we not being uprooted – we are planting, building and producing. This is a very big thing – this is the essence of Zionism. Then congratulations and you will yet receive much help." Sdot Negev Regional Council Chairman Idan: "I am very moved. This is a festive day for the State of Israel in general and the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip in particular. I remember that meeting, a meeting in which we thought about how to cause people not to leave, but how to bring in new people. And when I told you, you told me 'Do you think they will come?'. I told you "Let us do this' and you said 'Let's do it.' Six years later and we are standing here today. The residents of the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip today, after this truly courageous and special Cabinet decision, after Operation Protective Edge, decision #20-17, the population of the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip has grown by 30%. All of the communities are full and thriving. People ask me 'What is the secret?'. I tell them 'Community, education, strength, Zionism and assistance.' These things together are bringing all of Israel to us. I have a waiting list. They called this morning and asked where to sign up, I told them 'I have over 1,000 and do not even know where to start.' This is a huge event. I know the intelligence reports discuss how they see us, and when they see us hesitating and wailing, they say 'Aha, these people are weak.' And when they see us looking straight ahead, expanding, talking about building new communities and constructing tall buildings in Sderot, their spirit drops and ours does not. It will not fall because of a prime minister like you, who has come with me all the way, I am moved to say this, until today, you have not faltered and neither have I, and neither have you. And the ministers here today rose above petty political considerations and said 'Yes' to a Zionist act of the highest order."
