Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_pompeo130520

“Welcome to Jerusalem.

This visit comes a few days after the loss of your late father, Wayne. I want to express the condolences of my family to your family and of the people of Israel to you. I have to say that just reading about your father, we recognize the values that he instilled in you that are so evident in everything that you do. So please accept our condolences.

We so deeply appreciate the fact that this is your first visit abroad in some time that you are making to Israel for six hours. I think this is a testament to the strength of our alliance and the strength of President Trump's commitment to the State of Israel and the strength of your commitment to the State of Israel and our alliance as well. I want to thank you for that too.

We have a lot to talk about. The first thing is the plague. The corona plague is something that challenges the entire world, our two countries and everyone else. We would like to talk about strengthening our cooperation, our partnerships, in battling the coronavirus plague.

The second thing is there is something else plaguing our region, which is unremitting Iranian aggression and terror. I want to express my appreciation for the strong position that the President and you and the administration put forward against Iran. First, by withdrawing from the dangerous Iran deal. Second, by taking head-on the masters of Iranian terror. Third, by going after and continuing the arms embargo against Iran that has not stopped for a minute its aggressive designs and its aggressive actions against Americans, Israelis and everyone else in the region.

I want to express our appreciation for that and also discuss how we can continue in our partnership to combat and confront and rollback Iran's aggression in the Middle East, in Syria and everywhere else.

The third point is that now we are about to form a national-unity government tomorrow. I think that this is an opportunity to promote peace and security based on the understandings that I reached with President Trump in my last visit in Washington in January.

These are all tremendous challenges and opportunities and we can do them because we have such a powerful bond that makes the alliance between Israel and the United States stand out. Certainly for us, but I think for many other countries looking around. There is an unbreakable bond of values and interests that has kept this alliance together but has also kept it growing and growing and growing. It has never been stronger.

Tomorrow marks 72 years from the recognition of President Truman of the young State of Israel and it also marks two years from another historic decision, the recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital by President Trump. I think that this brackets the tremendous partnership that we have, the friendship that we have, the great sympathies that the people of Israel and the people of America have with one another.

Your trip at this time is a powerful expression of that and I want to welcome you in this spirit to Jerusalem.”
