Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_air250620

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks, today, at the IAF pilots' course graduation ceremony: "Three main challenges are before us, and we are taking action without respite against them: First, we are taking constant action against the efforts of Iran and its proxies to entrench militarily in Syria. The Iranian military must leave Syria. Second, we are taking action against the efforts of our enemies to develop precision missiles in Syria, Lebanon and other areas. Third, and most importantly, we will not allow Iran to attain nuclear weapons. I must tell you that Iran is continuing to lie to the international community in its effort to achieve a bomb. I have been claiming this for years and today the International Atomic Energy Agency, the IAEA, understands this. Two weeks ago, the IAEA reported that Iran is stepping up the pace of its uranium enrichment and, in effect, is continuing to violate the nuclear agreement with the major powers. We regard with utmost seriousness the threats of destruction against Israel by Iranian and pro-Iranian elements. And especially here, at the pilots' course graduation ceremony, I reiterate: Whoever tries to attack us places himself in very great danger. Our struggle against Iranian aggression in the region is designed – first and foremost – to defend ourselves, to defend the State of Israel. However, this struggle, this effort, serves the interest of stability in the entire region. Similarly, our ability to act against the corona pandemic could also serve the entire region, and is also creating for us the opportunity for open cooperation, which we have hitherto not had, with certain countries in the region. In a few moments, the health ministers of the United Arab Emirates and the State of Israel will announce cooperation in the fight against the coronavirus. This cooperation will be in research and development, and technology, fields which could improve the health security of the entire region. This is the result of continuous and intensive contacts over the past few months. It will be a blessing for many in our region. The stronger and more powerful we are, the more we deter our enemies and draw our friends closer. This mission, to translate Israel's strength into deterrence of our enemies and action against them if need be, is – from this moment – placed on your shoulders as well."
