Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start081120

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting, today : "I would like to start with congratulations for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. I have a long and warm personal connection with Joe Biden for nearly 40 years, and I know him as a great friend of the State of Israel. I am certain that we will continue to work with both of them in order to further strengthen the special alliance between Israel and the US. For myself and for all citizens of the State of Israel, I again thank President Trump for the great friendship he showed the State of Israel and me personally. I congratulate him on recognizing Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, for his stand on Iran, for the historic peace accords and for bringing the alliance between Israel and the US to unprecedented heights. Thank you, President Trump."

Additional Excerpt from PM Netanyahu's Remarks:

"Today, the Cabinet will be briefed on how the coronavirus pandemic is being dealt with. We are opening commerce in street stores this morning. In order to prevent a resurgence in morbidity, we are allowing opening for up to four customers at any one time, while strictly adhering to distancing and hygiene.

We are still in an early stage of returning to routine. We are constantly evaluating the effects of the measures to ease restrictions and the gradual opening in the preliminary stages, in order to prevent an outbreak of the pandemic. We are seeing a slight increase in morbidity; we will carefully consider whether to continue opening up or to stop.

I ask everyone to strictly adhere to the rules and the directives so that we will be able to make progress in returning to routine until we bring the vaccines to the citizens of Israel.

Today, I am submitting for Cabinet approval a decision to establish a new community in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip. This is major news for Israel; this is major news for the communities in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip.

We are continuing to develop the communities of the south including the moshavim and kibbutzim. We are developing new neighborhoods on Sderot and Netivot. I must say that there is a waiting list for every home. This is the best proof of our national resilience.

Lastly, I would like to note the passing of two men of letters who passed away over the weekend. The late Natan Zach was among our most prominent poets. His poems, including 'Because Man is the Tree of the Field' have left their imprint on the new Hebrew poetry.

The late Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, the former Chief Rabbi of Great Britain, was a spiritual leader and thinker who had many students. His insights about the heritage of the Jewish people and antisemitism will stand in our generation and for generations to come."
