Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_ghetto300420

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke, several days ago, with Education Minister Rafi Peretz and Education Ministry Director General Shmuel Abuav and asked them to introduce to the matriculation curriculum in history the story of the heroism of the group of fighters from the Jewish Military Union, led by Pawel Frenkel, who fought the Nazis and their cohorts in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.

Pursuant to the Prime Minister's request, Education Minister Peretz directed that the story of the heroism be integrated into the curriculum. After work in the Education Ministry, and pursuant to the request of the Prime Minister and the directive of the Education Minister, the film 'And Will We Remember All of Them? The True Battle of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising' will be added to the history curriculum as of next year.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"The story of the marvelous heroism of Mordechai Anielewicz and his comrades in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising is one of the great chapters, not only in the annals of our people, but in the annals of humanity. But what you do not know is that there was another group of fighters, led by Pawel Frenkel, one of the fighters of Beitar, that fought shoulder to shoulder and died in that battle. Few survived. They came to Israel. They never understood why their part of the story was not being told. This was brought to my attention by my friend and teacher, former Defense Minister Moshe Arens, who wrote a book correcting this injustice, this lack.

Several days I ago I saw a moving film about the last of the Jewish Military Union fighters that were led by Pawel Frenkel, Zhota Hartman, who passed away after she had hardly received any recognition at all, for the story of her immense sacrifice and that of her friends. Therefore, I have announced that I am asking that the story of the Jewish Military Union in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising be included in the curriculum.

Pawel Frenkel, who spoke to his comrades before they went to their deaths, said: 'Perhaps we will die but as long as Jewish history exists, our story will exist.' What he did not consider was that those who would write Jewish history would completely erase the story of their heroism. I am proud that we have corrected this. The memories of the heroes and martyrs of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising will be enshrined in the memory of our people forever."

Education Minister Peretz:

"We are making a historical correction and are raising the story of the heroism of fighters whose story has not been told. The story of the Jewish Military Union fighters needs to be told and be instilled the way other fighters from the same battle have been commemorated. History must be taught comprehensively without leaving out any fighter who was there. I am pleased that this initiative is underway and that Israeli students will know that the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising belongs to all who fought there."

The Jewish Military Union numbered several hundred fighters and was led by Pawel Frenkel. This group was responsible for the largest and most stubborn battles of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. At the peak of the fighting, Jewish Military Union fighters unfurled the blue-and-white flag over the skies of the Warsaw ghetto; for four days the Germans could not take it down. In contrast to the story of Mordechai Anielewicz, the Jewish Combat Organization and its heroes, who have been commemorated in films, books and research, the story of the Jewish Military Union fighters was silenced and left within the walls of the ghetto.

Pursuant to Prime Minister Netanyahu's request, Education Minister Peretz announced that the film 'And Will We Remember All of Them? The True Battle of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising' will be introduced to the matriculation curriculum in history and thus justice will be done for those brave fighters. The film focuses a spotlight on the complete and full story of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, including reenactments at the center of which is the first-hand testimony of the late Zhota Hartman, who was the last survivor of the brave group of fighters. As a member of the Jewish Military Union, Hartman discusses the preparations for the uprising and the stubborn fighting of her comrades throughout the uprising.
