Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_stat050720

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks, today, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting: “In the coming days, we will submit a special economic plan to deal with the economic challenge of the coronavirus which preoccupies the self-employed, citizens, business owners and workers. This is an overriding mission as far as I am concerned, and as far as the government is concerned. At the same time, we are in the midst of a renewed attack of the coronavirus, a very strong attack that is increasing and spreading both around the world and here as well. The World Health Organization has marked the Middle East as focus of the global spread. This is not passing over Israel. It is here. Therefore, we also see, as I have warned, that this outbreak will see an increase and a doubling of the number of severe cases, which poses a challenge for the State of Israel and our health system. This morning I discussed this with the Health Minister and last night with various officials. We must take additional steps beyond what the Corona Cabinet and the Cabinet decided at the end of last week. To this end, upon the conclusion of this Cabinet meeting, I would like to have a renewed assessment of our situation – where we are going and the necessary steps. Also, pursuant to the discussions that we held, I asked to bring here Knesset Speaker Yariv Levin and [Knesset] Law, Constitution and Justice Committee Chairman Yaakov Asher, in order to inform them of the severity of the situation. We are in an emergency situation. We cannot approach Knesset legislation, with the steps that we are taking, as if everything was normal. It is not and it is on this basis that we want to advance both the means to make decisions and decision-making on a different scale and magnitude, in order to block the spread of the coronavirus. If we do not block the spread of the coronavirus we will have neither health nor an economy, many citizens in the State of Israel will lose their lives. We must do what is necessary. Therefore, in the coming day, after the presentation that will be shown here, we will have an additional Cabinet meeting in order to make the necessary decisions, both practical ad legislative.” Prime Minister Netanyahu also said: “Today, we are taking our leave from Gilad Erdan. Gilad, I want to remind you that we met during my first tenure, in 1996. You came as a young man, you are still a young man, but you have accumulated much experience. I have noted only some of the positions you have held: Environmental Protection Minister, Home Front Minister, Communications Minister, Public Security Minister – during times of very great challenges of lone terrorist attacks that we had to deal with, the police had to do this. And indeed, under your leadership, it took a series of steps that had not been taken before. Minister for Strategic Affairs – the organizing against BDS, and of course, as a member of the Security Cabinet in recent years. These are positions that certainly caused you to recognize the global challenges facing the State of Israel. More than once, you expressed the willingness and confidence that you could strongly represent the State of Israel both with the necessary vigor and the arguments required in these areas. I think the fact that you acted against BDS gives you the redoubled energy and the redoubled experience for this action. This arena will be challenging. We see what is happening in the international court in The Hague, a biased court that delegitimizes Israel. There is no doubt that the UN and the US are our most important international arenas. We are sending you there with high expectations and with the knowledge that we will be challenged there. We rely on you that you will do the work there. As of now, from the end of this meeting, you will be appointed as Israeli Ambassador to the UN, and as of 20 January 2021, upon the end of the term of Ron Dermer, which will also be extended today by one year, as Israeli Ambassador to the USA. The only person to have held both of these positions, many years ago, was Abba Eban and I wish you no less success. Thank you Gilad for your contributions.”
