Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_ukraine240120

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem, met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting:

President Zelensky, welcome to Jerusalem. It’s good to see you again. Yesterday, we marked the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz and I remarked on the horrible price that was paid by the peoples and soldiers of the allies, including in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, who paid a horrendous price, which we understand without which there would be no survivors and no Jewish state. So, we are eternally grateful to that.

And equally, I am very, very happy with the way that our relations are going--the visit I had in the Ukraine with you, the deepening relations that we have. And of course occasionally, we are marked by tragedy, as you saw in the horrible case of the downing of your aircraft by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards. Iran knew from the get-go, from the first moment they knew that their forces had shot down your plane, and they tried to hide it and hid it for 48 hours before they were forced to admit it. I think this says a lot about what this regime is about.

Our countries are two democracies that wish to seize the future, with cooperation, with technological exchanges, with tourism, and with all the benefits that come to free societies that work together with one another. I look forward to advancing that and I look forward also to discussing with you how we can confront the forces and regimes that threaten our common civilization and our common future.

In this spirit of friendship, I welcome you to Jerusalem. Welcome."

Ukrainian President Zelensky told Prime Minister Netanyahu about his family, whih survived the Holocaust.

Prime Minister Netanyahu replied:

"Thank you, President Zelensky. This is very moving. The stories of incredible courage, the Righteous Among the Nations, non-Jews who saved Jews, risking their lives, the lives of their families. This is incomparable courage and the story of your own family, the struggle for life, the struggle for the future--this is what our common story represents. I welcome you to Jerusalem."
