Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_plan300320

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening (Monday, 30 March 2020), presented the comprehensive economic assistance plan and issued the following statement: "Citizens of Israel, this evening I am speaking to you from the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem. Even though my medical tests have still not concluded, I have decided to enter into voluntary quarantine in order to set a personal example. The cameraman is six meters away and I did my own hair and make-up; therefore, it looks the way it does. I am continuing to work from home. Today I held a video conversation with Chief-of-Staff Aviv Kochavi and National Security Council (NSC) head Meir Ben-Shabbat in order to expand dealing with the coronavirus by means of the IDF Home Front Command, thanks to the many means and capabilities at its disposal. The head of the NSC and the Chief-of-Staff are due to present to me – within the next two days – detailed plans on this issue. I also held a telephone discussion with the Finance Minister, the Economy and Industry Minister, the Governor of the Bank of Israel and the director generals of several ministries, each one with issues within his purview and authority. No effort is being spared in our war on the coronavirus. I told you from the outset: It is preferable to be stringent than to be lax. Many countries are following our lead in this policy. In the framework of our unyielding struggle against the coronavirus, I will convene the Cabinet again this evening. My guiding principle is tightening restrictions on movement and expanding benefits for the economy. First the tighter restrictions on movement: We are all following on a daily and even hourly basis the number of corona patients. Our heart is with the families of the deceased; we send them our sincerest condolences. I would to again thank the doctors, nurses, MDA crews and all of our wonderful and essential teams that are continuing to treat every patient with unceasing dedication in the spirit of the values of the sanctity of life. On behalf of the nation, I thank you. It is true that we in Israel are in a better position than almost any other country regarding the number of severe patients and the mortality rate but we are not satisfied therewith. We aspire to the degree of success of several Asian countries, which have greatly slowed the rate of infection with the virus. Therefore, I have decided this evening to submit to the Cabinet additional life-saving restrictions and I emphasize – these restrictions are designed to save lives; it is as simple as that. Citizens of Israel, I must say that most of you are adhering to the directives of the Health Ministry. I thank you for that. But we have still not reached the desired point. There are individuals – and more than this, there are certain groups in the country which are pointedly ignoring, and are even showing contempt for, the clear directives that have been published. Not everyone. The vast majority are disciplined, in the ultra-orthodox public, the secular public, the Jewish and the non-Jewish public – but the undisciplined minority is endangering the majority. It is endangering both itself and the majority together. Whoever violates the ban on congregating tramples the basic principles of 'Love your neighbor as yourself' and 'Do not stand idly by the blood of your neighbor.' This is unabashed lawlessness. Therefore, I have ordered the security forces to prepare for a stepped-up enforcement operation in neighborhoods and communities in which there are such violations and in which there are events that endanger the lives of all of us. The security forces and enforcement units are starting to do this even now. We will prevent extremist elements from harming the general health. We will settle accounts with whoever attacks police, health and military forces, which are trying to carry out their mission on behalf of all of us. In the directives to the public that we are issuing this evening, we are further restricting public gathering. There will be no gatherings of more than two people who are not from the same nuclear family. Having prohibited prayers in synagogues, prayers in the public sphere are now prohibited as well. As of now, prayers will only be permitted in private. Weddings will be held in the most reduced context of the nuclear family, without invited guests. I know how hard this is. I know this is hard and I am also asking and directing that you act exactly in accordance with this instruction. The exceptions are funerals and circumcisions. Up to 20 people may attend a funeral. Up to ten may attend a circumcision. These are to be in open areas while maintaining the required distance of at least two meters between individuals. This evening we will submit to the Cabinet a decision on a further reduction in the labor market. Government ministries are moving to a work footing of 15%, in industry as well. We will reduce the labor force in industry from 30% to 15%. There will be certain exceptions but the result we are aiming for is 15%, in order to reduce the potential for infection. The Finance Minister will give details presently. He will also present our economic plan which we will discuss in a moment. A word about the Passover holiday which begins next week. The seder this year will be remembered as 'the lockdown seder.' I request that you hold in it in the context of the nuclear family that lives with you in your apartment or house. Only those who belong to the reduced family unit at home may participate in the seder, while strictly maintaining the essential rules: Washing hands and keeping the safe distance between individuals as much as possible within the apartment. I ask you to do one more thing. I ask you to refrain from family visits on the eve of the holiday. The goal is to not meet people in other places because that is how the disease spreads. One must refrain, refrain from meeting your son who is in the north who came to see his family in the center or the south, refrain from meeting your daughter and the grandchildren. There is no choice. There is no choice. What I said just now is also true for the holidays of the non-Jewish communities. We extend greetings to you all on your holidays but we will also demand that you uphold the exact same directives, because it saves lives. Regarding the expansion of economic benefits: We have approved an unprecedented approximately NIS 80 billion economic assistance plan, all of it within a range of two to three months. This is around 6% of our current GNP. This is a lot. It is never enough but it is more than you think. The Finance Minister will go into details. Half of this enormous amount will come from state coffers in cash and half in credit, very easy credit. This is quite a lot. We constantly need to balance between our genuine desire to help and the need to keep our economy from collapsing. But we have promised to help wage-earners, the self-employed, the unemployed, business owners, the health system – and we are doing so generously. The Finance Minister will expand on this as well when I conclude my remarks. Citizens of Israel, we are looking out for you. I say to everyone who has been hurt by the crisis: Your distress is understood. It touches the heart. You are undergoing a very major upheaval. All of our lives have changed in an instant. We will do everything necessary to stabilize the situation. We will do everything necessary so that later on we can put our economy back on track to recovery and growth. I am convinced that it is within our power to do this. We have known economic crises in the past and have overcome them. We will overcome this crisis as well, with G-d's help, together, united in mutual guarantee. When I talk about together, I am also talking about a national emergency government, which is the need of the hour. The hour demands concessions that are not small from all of us. Everyone must rise to the occasion for the good of the people and the state. There is no more important goal than joining hands, virtual of course, in national responsibility, for the future of us all. Citizens of Israel, we are in the midst of a grave event the likes of which we have not known in all our years of independence. Would that I could tell you this evening that we are coming towards the end of the crisis. But it is too early, even very early, for that. Nobody knows what tomorrow will bring. But of one thing I am certain: Thanks to our national resilience, and thanks to G-d, we will overcome the coronavirus. The saying 'A healthy soul in a healthy body' is so true. This is the key to victory over the epidemic. Maintain a healthy body thanks to the health instructions and maintain a healthy soul thanks to great spirit and steadfast faith. Together, we will succeed."
