Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_szmc060820

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Shaare Zedek Medical Center (SZMC) in Jerusalem, toured the control center of the department for treating coronavirus patients and the future coronavirus department. The Prime Minister, national coronavirus project manager Prof. Ronni Gamzu and Health Ministry Director General Prof. Chezy Levy were briefed by SZMC Director General Prof. Ofer Merin and Co-Director General Prof. Jonathan Halevy, the medical crews and other senior officials, about the hospital's preparations to receive additional coronavirus patients and the challenges faced by the medical crews in treating coronavirus patients. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We are here touring the Shaare Zedek Medical Center with Prof. Gamzu, the Health Ministry Director General and you, Prof. Merin. I am impressed by the hospital's expansion, by the way in which you have added to the ability to receive patients and – of course – by the work of the nurses and doctors. I am very grateful to you for the treatment of the coronavirus. We have good news that give hope, and less good news. The good news is that we are certainly making progress, as you know, toward finding a vaccine at the Israel Institute for Biological Research (IIBR). I welcome this. I spoke today with the team from the IIBR and I instructed them to already begin establishing a production facility, in parallel with the first human trials. It must be understood that when other countries are doing this, we are, in effect, financing the establishment of their production facilities and development of the drugs or the vaccines with them when we buy options for the drugs with various companies. I instructed that the exact same thing be done with us. The State of Israel is joining those countries that are developing a vaccine, and this will give us the resources and the ability to act, and at the same time already prepare for production of the vaccine should we get to it. Second, I want to tell you that yesterday in the Corona Cabinet, we decided unanimously to accept Prof. Gamzu's recommendations. We know, as Prof. Gamzu said, that there is no country with morbidity as high as ours that has not imposed lockdowns. However, we aware of the socio-economic situation and, therefore, we will make an effort over the next week or two weeks to lower morbidity by various means. I think that if we all use these tools we will also succeed." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "You now heard Prof. Gamzu explain that we are trying to refrain from imposing a general lockdown and are taking all necessary steps in order to avoid doing so. However, it is clear that should it become necessary, we will do it. We will see if the level of morbidity comes down. We are aiming for a situation that even if we need to impose nationwide restrictions or local lockdowns, we want that at the end of the lockdown, we will exit when we have 'breaking the waves.' That is a network of control centers that can monitor hundreds of patients, not thousands, but hundreds, to locate them and cut the chain of infection. At the same time, we are standing here and using the means that we have mentioned. We are establishing this 'breaking the waves' right now, the IDF is doing it, and I believe that it will complete it within three or four weeks. Therefore, we are giving the disease the opportunity to change course before we employ nationwide measures or local lockdowns." In response to a question regarding timetables for the production of the vaccine, Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "At the moment, there are going to be three stages: The first stage is a trial with 100 people. The second stage is a trial with 1,000 people. The third stage is a trial with 30,000 people, which is an international requirement. The 1,000 person trial will conclude by the end of the year. The 30,000 person trial – if we pass the first two stages and the concurrent safety test, it will be by the end of the first quarter [of 2021]. I do not want to wait this whole time and as I told you, I directed that the raising of options from various countries and elements should begin. If we are successful with all of these things in the quarter, we will already have a facility that is starting production. The IIBR has passed all of the stages involving animal trials, in my view more than other places before it begins human trials. But this trial is standard for any drug." In response to a question about the budget, Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "The ultra-orthodox parties have said that elections are unnecessary and that a budget must be passed. I think that a budget should have been passed yesterday. A one-year budget is immediate; the Cabinet can pass it next week."
