Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_press091220

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks this evening, at the Health Ministry, at the press conference with Health Minister Yuli Edelstein following the professional discussion on readiness for the vaccination of the citizens of Israel: "On the eve of Chanukah, we have brought great light to the State of Israel. The first Pfizer vaccines arrived in the country today and another, much bigger, shipment will arrive tomorrow. I have been working on this with the Health Minister and his team for months. I have held eight conversations with Pfizer Chairman and CEO Albert Bourla, including one yesterday evening. Again, I would like to thank him. It is not a given that the State of Israel, a giant country in so many ways, but a small state with nine million citizens, would receive the vaccines at the same as Great Britain and the leading and largest countries in the world. This is a great achievement for the State of Israel; I am very proud of it. We will continue to follow the directives. I ask you: Masks, distance, hygiene and avoiding gatherings. It could be that we will need to tighten several of the restrictions in the coming days; we will discuss this at tomorrow's Cabinet meeting. I ask another thing, not just your cooperation before the vaccines, but during and after the vaccines. I also ask that all citizens of Israel be vaccinated. In order to do so, I have asked to be an example and be the first person to be vaccinated in Israel. Tomorrow, together with the Health Minister, I will meet with the heads of the HMOs in order to prepare for the great national operation of giving vaccines to millions of Israeli citizens. This evening, I announce to you that the first vaccines will be given on 27 December. This is in another 18 days, two-and-a-half weeks. I would like to announce something else: After the discussion that we held here with the Health Ministry leadership, I can announce that the State of Israel is prepared to provide 60,000 vaccines a day to the citizens of Israel. This is a great number. Third, I asked, and the Health Minister is already carrying it out, to develop a green passport plan by which whoever receives a vaccine will be able to show a card or an app that will enable them to enter events, malls, facilities and all kinds of services. This will also encourage vaccinations and help us to quickly restore normality, to simply change the picture. As I have worked on bringing the vaccines – together with the Health Minister, Deputy Health Minister, Health Ministry Director General and others – I have seen opposite me businesspeople, performing artists and restaurant owners returning to activity. I see the events that are filling up and the restaurants returning to routine. I also see our dedicated medical teams that are doing marvelous work. I see the social workers and the educators. I want to thank all of you. It will arrive. It is not yet over but it is on the way. What we will start in another few days is not only an operation to inject encouragement, it is a great thing. We are bringing the end of the pandemic and this is certainly a reason to say – happy holiday."
