Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start310121

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting, today :

"The world has very been strongly attacked over the past two weeks by two mutations, the British and the South African. The mortality rate in Britain is three times that of Israel. Everyone who passes away is a very great loss. The health system in many countries is on the verge of collapse. In Israel, our health system is stretched to the maximum. Therefore, we were the first in the world to close the skies.

We are in a very tight race against the spread of the mutations to vaccinate as many citizens of Israel as possible. We can vaccinate thanks to the millions of vaccines that we brought – and are bringing – to Israel. I hope that as long as there are no additional surprises, we will be able to gradually open the education system and our economy.

I call on the last of people aged 50 and over: Come now and be vaccinated. You are the bulk of the severe morbidity and I ask you to this for yourselves, for our health system and also for all citizens of Israel.

Over the past 24 hours, I have held discussions with the Health and Education ministers on allowing the gradual opening of the education system in the coming days, starting with pre-school, the lower grades and – of course – grades 11 and 12, the pupils of which are being vaccinated. At the meeting we will hold next week, we will discuss the detailed recommendations on this matter.

Today, the Cabinet will discuss extending the lockdown until Sunday and extending the closure of the borders. In the meantime, I ask that the rules be followed. The rules must be followed.

Let it be clear: A gathering is a gathering is a gathering. It does not matter if it is by ultra-orthodox, secular or Arabs. Unfortunately there are gatherings on all sides and among all of these groups. This must stop immediately and making politics out of this must stop. To concentrate on the violations of one group and ignore the violations of others – they must all stop. This is the time for unity.

We must follow the rules – to maintain distance and avoid gatherings, everywhere and in all sectors.

As you know, we increased the fines today. Over the past year we have proven, here in the State of Israel, despite great difficulties, that we are capable of dealing with the coronavirus. We entered it together and we will exit it together."
