Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start070221

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting: "I would like to start with the shocking picture that we have all seen, the awful murder of Diana Raz. Diana was a source of inspiration to very many women. We will deal with her murderer to the fullest extent of the law and we will take strong action to defeat this unacceptable phenomenon. During the coronavirus period, there has been a sharp upsurge in the phenomena of family violence and violence against women. My wife and I have visited shelters for battered women on numerous occasions, even during the coronavirus period. We were greatly shaken by these very important visits. Therefore, we just passed – during the coronavirus period – additional grants to boost the assistance to shelters for battered women so that the latter will be able to live under appropriate conditions and will not be thrown back into the horror that awaits them at home, because whoever batters them could go there and attack them and even, as we have seen, murder them. We will make every effort to ensure the peace and safety of every woman in Israel. We are still in the midst of a close race between the 'Back to Life' vaccines operation and the spread of the British mutation throughout the country and around the world. Our goal is to vaccinate 95% of those in the 50+ age group. We want to do this in as short a time as possible, two or three weeks. We are running full tilt to do this. At the same time, we started this morning with the first stage of the gradual exit from the lockdown, with the cancellation of several restrictions. I would like to emphasize, the easing of the lockdown does not mean that the increase in morbidity is behind us. We must not become complacent. We must not act irresponsibly. Otherwise, morbidity will simply increase, claim terrible costs, also in lives – very many people have lost their lives, and in severe cases, which will lead to the collapse of the health system. I ask that you all act responsibly, both around this table and by all citizens of Israel. We must continue to strictly follow the rules. The first and most simple rule, even if you have been vaccinated, is to continue wearing masks. The second rule – go and be vaccinated. Whoever is over 50, and those younger as well, should do so immediately. Only this way will we be able to stop the spread of the pandemic. Today, we in the Cabinet will discuss proposals regarding the opening of the education system. We will hear from the senior Health and Education ministry officials in order to make a careful and prudent decision, which will – on the one hand – allow the start of pre-school education and – on the other – will reduce the danger of mass infection which could claim many more victims. We will consider our steps according to the balance between vaccinations and morbidity, and we will make appropriate decisions. We must act responsibly. We all anticipate such decisions and the public expects this of us as well."
