Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_ecology210221

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Environmental Protection Minister Gila Gamliel, today , toured the beach in Ashdod in light of the ecological damage. Also participating in the tour were Ashdod Mayor Dr. Yechiel Lasri, Bat Yam Mayor Tvika Brot, Ashkelon Mayor Tomer Glam, Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Tzachi Braverman, Environmental Protection Ministry Director General David Yahalomi and the Prime Minister's adviser on environmental affairs Tal Gilboa.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I was very impressed by the exemplary voluntarism of the citizens who came to clean up the beaches. We must maintain our beaches, our country and the environment.

Tomorrow, Minister Gamliel will submit to the Cabinet a plan with a budget in order to clean the beaches. I have just spoken with the Egyptian Petroleum and Mineral Resources Minister who has come to us, and we proposed that every ship that you see here be powered by natural gas instead of polluting fuel, as happened here. I think that if several countries band together, within a few years we can bring about a great change, so that the sea, country and beaches will be clean.

I am very impressed by the work of the Environmental Protection Ministry, the Nature Protection Authority and the civilians. The latter are the most heart-warming and very impressive. There is still much work to do here."

Environmental Protection Minister Gamliel:

"In order to succeed, we need to raise tens of millions of shekels that will be invested in cleaning the beaches. We have the possibility of suing the insurance company of the ship that is responsible for the pollution and we will do everything to locate it. Our moral obligation to the public is to locate those responsible for the event. Our goal is to open the bathing season on time. We need to look toward the future: This event and others like it in the world show us how urgent it is to wean ourselves from polluting fuels and move toward renewable energy."
