Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_vaccine130121

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein, today, visited a Clalit Health Services clinic in Nazareth. Also participating in the visit were Clalit Chairman Yochanan Locker and Clalit CEO Prof. Ehud Davidson. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We are meeting here in Nazareth for the continuation of the 'Back to Life' vaccines operation. We are indeed getting back to life. We look at this operation as a global wonder and it is being done thanks to our medical teams. The nurses, doctors, HMOs and the Ministry of Health are doing excellent work. It is necessary to constantly channel more and more vaccines. I spoke again yesterday evening with Pfizer Chairman and CEO Albert Bourla, and we have already spoken about the future, that there will be more vaccines and portions. We do not know when the disease could return and when we will need additional vaccines; therefore, we are working on this already now. Also, we are working to open the economy in a responsible manner and we have received good news. I also heard this from Albert Bourla and I see it here as well: A considerable proportion of those who have been vaccinated stop carrying the disease within a few weeks. We still cannot say, in a precise and final manner, what happens when the second vaccination is given. According to all of the indicators, people who have been vaccinated protect not only themselves but others as well in that they are not spreading the disease. They are not infected and – apparently, to a high degree – they are not infectious. Therefore, in this operation, we are allowing the entire country, everyone over 16 at this stage, to reach a situation in which they can go about freely, regarding both themselves and others. This will allow us to open the economy quicker than any other country. We received very good news about the economy today. The third largest ratings company in the world has followed in the footsteps of its predecessors and has also left Israel's credit rating unchanged at its high A+ level, a very high level, with positive indicators. This is a certificate of honor for the Israeli economy and for the State of Israel. We are getting back to life in both health and the economy, to the routine and life that we love. We are on the way here."
