Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_purim240221

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the Health Minister, the Public Security Minister, the Israel Police Inspector General, the Health Ministry Director General, the national coronavirus project director, the head of the Public Health Service, the MDA Director General and the heads of Israel's HMOs, this evening, held a briefing for the public ahead of the Purim holiday as part of the effort to prevent a renewed outbreak of the pandemic, and also reported on the continued steps to deal with the coronavirus. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Last Purim there was a dangerous outbreak that infected very many and you remember that we had to close down the country. This cannot recur. This Purim, on the contrary, we are all commanded to keep the rules. We can rejoice. We can put on costumes. However, we must follow the rules. This is incredibly important because we really are on the verge of exiting from the pandemic. Today, I am presenting a five-stage plan for a safe exit from the coronavirus pandemic. But this is not something that might happen; it is happening right now. First, I would like to show you our current situation. The cumulative number of people who have been vaccinated – at least once – and recovered in Israel that we want to reach is 6,200,000 people over the age of 16 in the State of Israel. We are still 1,200,000 people away from this goal, even with one dose. We are striving against the morbidity. We have several thousand verified cases a day. Therefore, there is a gap between the number of people who have already been vaccinated and those who have yet to be vaccinated. We must close this gap in order to reopen our state. The gap exists for several reasons. The main reason the gap exists is because of fake news. They say the vaccine is unnatural, that it is a foreign body, that there are side effects, that it has not been tested. They have said this about all of the previous vaccines in the past 150 years. They said this about chicken pox, tuberculosis and measles. I would like to underscore something: The virus is a foreign body that attacks the body. The virus is an unnatural thing that attacks the body. The vaccines are the defense. This is a mighty gift to humanity. Before the age of vaccines, average life expectancy was between 30-40 years. More than any other thing, the vaccines have doubled our lifespan. I ask you to not believe the fake news. Go be vaccinated. The vaccines save lives. The vaccines prolong life. We all saw the terrible tragedy of the late Osnat Ben-Shetrit. A young woman with joie de vivre, she had a heart-warming smile. She was pregnant and died of the coronavirus before she was vaccinated. She left a husband and four orphans; the fetus did not survive. Osnat had a family member who led protest groups against vaccines and said 'Don't be vaccinated'. Today her family is leading groups to persuade citizens of Israel to go be vaccinated. But still, as I said, there is this gap of about one million Israeli adults who have not been vaccinated, not even once. This means that many Israeli citizens are still liable to become severely ill and – Heaven forbid – die. Around the world citizens are waiting for vaccines; in the State of Israel, vaccines are waiting for citizens. This must change immediately. In New York, Miami, Los Angeles and in Europe, it is impossible to obtain vaccines. Ask your relatives and friends there. They are waiting to obtain vaccines. Think about it, that adults in other countries are waiting long months to receive a vaccine, and are asking us to bring them vaccines. Here, the vaccines are waiting for you and we can use them to safely exit from the coronavirus together. Of course, I commend the millions of Israelis who have already been vaccinated and I commend the medical teams, MDA and the life-saving organizations that joined in the effort in an extraordinary manner. With their help and G-d's, we are exiting from the coronavirus. And so, these are the five stages for exiting from the coronavirus: The first stage is Purim, this is now. We need to get through Purim in peace. The first stage is now, at this level that 81% of Israeli citizens are vaccinated, at least once, and this is the green passport. The second stage, the second week of March, this is the gradual opening of education. We have already opened education – we will make another opening of education. The third stage is the second stage of the green passport here as well in the second week of March, as we have planned. The fourth sage is at the end of March. Our intention is to finish vaccinating the entire population over 16. The fifth stage: In April our intention is to reach a full opening. Naturally this depends on the level of morbidity; however, if we all do what is necessary – we will get through this. We are getting through this aided by the response of Israel's citizens, aided by the closed borders including Ben-Gurion International Airport in order to prevent the entry of new mutations. We want our population to – as much as possible – be completely vaccinated. This is also gives us defense against the mutations that we recognize today; however, there could be – of course – new mutations, but with G-d's help and yours, we will get through Purim in peace so that we will be able to celebrate Passover together. This Passover we will again ask – why is this night different? And this time we will answer – this night we are all vaccinated. Therefore, I ask that you all follow the directives. Have a happy Purim, still with masks."
