Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_cabinet140221

Prime Minister Netanyahu made the following remarks at the start of the Corona Cabinet meeting: "We are seeing the beginning of a decline in morbidity data and this is a good sign. However, we must act cautiously and open the economy gradually. We are adapting our exit plan to the British mutation which is hitting the entire world. I ask you to see what is happening in countries that only recently were models and examples for dealing with the coronavirus. In New Zealand, because of three verified cases, they are closing the city of Auckland with a total lockdown. In Australia, because of a few verified cases, they are closing the State of Victoria with around six million people. In Greece, they have closed Athens. Because of our advantage in having brought the vaccines, we do not need to go to those places. The responsible plan for exiting the coronavirus that I am submitting here today, together with the Health Minister and Health Ministry experts, is comprised of three parts: First, closely guarding the country's land, sea and air borders. It could be that we will have to make certain adaptations in the air; the Transportation Minister will give details on the issue. Second, gradually opening the economy with the green passport. We will open the economy in two stages: The first stage will start next week. In the second stage, approximately two weeks later, we will allow benefits to those who have been vaccinated so that they will be able to enter hotels, museums, cultural appearances, restaurants, pools, malls, basketball and soccer games, flights abroad and the like. We will get back to life with the green passport. Third, a national campaign to vaccinate people over 50 who have not yet been vaccinated. I remind you of the most dramatic piece of data: 97% of deaths and 93% of severe cases are in this group. Unfortunately, the Heath and Interior ministers informed me this morning that after repeatedly checking the data, it has become clear that the number of people over 50 who have not been vaccinated is not 350,000 as we thought but 570,000. This is still a very large number and they need to be vaccinated immediately. Therefore, we will submit to the Cabinet quick legislation to allow local authorities to receive data on those who have not been vaccinated in order to encourage them to be vaccinated and save lives. I call on the young people among you to encourage your parents and grandparents to go be vaccinated. You can save many of them from severe illness or – Heaven forbid – death. Go and be vaccinated yourselves. This three-stage plan – guarding the borders, gradually opening the country with the green passport and the expedited vaccination of people over 50 – will make Israel the first country in the world to exit from the coronavirus. This week we will reach four million vaccinated people and that is a great number. We need to reach five million vaccinated people very quickly and we will thereby finally defeat the mutation. Our alternative is repeated lockdowns as is happening overseas but thanks to the vaccines that we have brought and thanks to the exit plan that we are submitting here today, we will go back to embracing grandmother and grandfather and within a month we will go back to almost full routine in the State of Israel. Let us go back to life together."
