Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_leumit120121

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein visited a Leumit Health Services clinic in Ashdod. Also participating in the visit were Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Tzachi Braverman, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, Ashdod Mayor Dr. Yechiel Lasri, Leumit Chairman Yaakov Edri and Leumit CEO Haim Fernandes. Leumit Health Services awarded Prime Minister Netanyahu a citation for his exceptional contribution to the fight against the coronavirus. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "At the moment we are in a mighty race between two events: The spread of the disease and the distribution of the vaccines. We are ahead of the whole world in vaccines with the millions of vaccines that we have brought. The HMOs and our health system are doing heroic work and we hope that by the day after tomorrow we will reach 170,000 vaccinations a day, a world record. At the same time, we are also fighting the spread of the disease which has reached tens of thousands of verified cases a day. This is a very rapid pace. We can win and in order to do so we will need two things together: First, come and be vaccinated. I think that there is no reason to belabor this point. The Israeli public is mobilized and it is important that it continue. The second thing that needs to be done is to strictly adhere to the rules for two reasons: Nobody knows when they are being vaccinated; it takes time. Additionally, there is no certainty here, and there is great doubt if someone who is vaccinated can carry the disease. The virus can attack even when there is a vaccine and thus it is possible to transmit the virus to somebody else. Therefore, there is no alternative to distance, hands and masks. It must be understood that even as we are vaccinating the citizens of Israel and during March we will completely free the economy, and gradually before then, we will need to continue being strict about these rules. I have heard that in the main countries of Europe they are talking about lockdowns until April; it will not be that way with us. We can finish this very quickly but only if we work together – to be vaccinated and to follow the rules. I am directing this request to each and every citizen of Israel because the virus does not differentiate between us. Let us not differentiate between ourselves; each one of us carries this responsibility. All Israel are responsible one for the other, but we still should not mingle with each other, especially without masks."
