Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start040221

Following are Prime Minister Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting: "The mutation is running amok around the world. In Germany, Britain and in many countries, they are talking about tightened lockdowns for weeks and months. There are even those who are saying until the end of April. The British mutation is also running amok in Israel. We can see it in the simple fact that around 80% of morbidity in Israel today is from the British mutation. This changes the situation. Morbidity in Israel is very high. Unfortunately, there is only a moderate decline in severe cases; therefore, the plight and the overcrowding in the hospitals is also very high. At the same time, we are making progress with the vaccines. As was written in today's Financial Times, we are the only country that is dealing with the British mutation with a certain success due to the millions of vaccines that we have here. Today we started vaccinating Israeli citizens over 16 but what is most important is that all Israeli men and women over 50 be vaccinated. It must be understood, 97% of mortality is in the 50+ age group, as is 92% of severe morbidity. Everybody – go be vaccinated; but first, people over 50 – go be vaccinated. Among those over 60, there has been a 26% decline in the hospitalization of severe cases and an approximately 45% decline in verified cases in the past 16 days. This is a direct result of the vaccinations. Go be vaccinated. The vaccines work. If you go to be vaccinated – we will be able to gradually exit from the coronavirus and cautiously and responsibly open our economy. This is the order of the day and this is what we will discuss at the Cabinet meeting." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "We are different from other countries. They do only lockdowns; that is all they do. We can make a very cautious and gradual exit from the lockdowns because within two weeks we can vaccinate over 90% of the population over 50. This needs to be our most important goal and I ask everyone to join in the effort. We need to shift to looking at the proportion of people in critical age groups who have been vaccinated; if they are protected then all of us are protected."
