Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_conference180121

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today (Monday, 18 January 2021), participated – for the sixth time – in a video conference of leaders hosted by Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz. Also participating in the conference were Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison, Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg, Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen, Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis and Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis. The leaders commended the Israeli vaccines operation. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We're seven countries, with the largest population – Australia. Most of us have populations of five to 12 million. Why don't we seriously talk about forming a conglomeration for research? We all have research and scientific capabilities. We all have technological capabilities. We have to develop this capacity. We cannot be at the mercy of market forces. I've already given instructions to start planning a plant that is basically a government arm. It's not a private company. The Air Force is not a private company. The Air Force is not profitable. I think that in order to get reasonable scale of economic scale and scientific scale, we should seriously look at pooling together our efforts. We must join forces and seriously begin to talk about both scientific research and production and supply, first to our respective countries and then to everyone else. Let's already plan for the years ahead." Prime Minister Netanyahu also told the leaders: "If you haven't vaccinated yourself, do so. It's important that people see that you are confident in the vaccine, along with the doctors, along with the most respected medical authorities, scientific authorities. Get them up front vaccinated—your health ministers. Second thing, on logistics. The principle that I've espoused is: as many vaccines as fast as possible to as many people. Even though we have two doses with Pfizer, we're moving to finish the first dose, but already stretching into the second phase."
