Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_bank060421

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, yesterday (Monday, 5 April 2021), in his Jerusalem office, met with Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Amir Yaron and received from him the Bank of Israel annual report for 2020.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Relative to other economies, our situation is pretty good; however, we have the challenge of – first of all – taking control of the great debt, and to return unemployment to reasonable dimensions. This is relatively easy because we have given incentives to those on unpaid leave and these incentives are ending, naturally.

Before anything else, we want to create high growth. If global growth is 5%, I have no doubt that our growth will be significantly higher, first of all because we are exiting the coronavirus first and because we also have attractive things in our economy. When we take a look, we understand the high-tech component of the Israeli economy, which is very attractive. It becomes absolutely clear that it will also aid us very much in this crisis.

There is one thing here that takes precedence over everything and it is that we are exiting from the coronavirus. This is the main thing; before all of these things there is a basic condition here – we are exiting from the coronavirus and we cannot go back to the coronavirus. In order to avoid going back to the coronavirus, at this time we must immediately invest in procuring additional millions of vaccines that are waiting for us and which we will lose if we do not approve this in the government tomorrow, without any conditions whatsoever, neither mine nor anyone else's. There can be no conditions; we must simply complete a new procurement contract.

What has enabled us to exit from the coronavirus is that we made these contracts quicker than other countries, but they have all grasped the principle. There is now a line from here to Timbuktu and beyond of countries that want to close the contracts and we are delaying in an artificial and irresponsible manner. We must procure immediately and this does not cost much. What is more, afterwards we will be able to sell the vaccines that we do not use.

We can quickly protect ourselves from a resurgence of the coronavirus, and then we have an economic strategy that we will yet need to discuss and develop, but it seems to me that we can exit this better than most countries though I am not certain that we can do so better than all countries. But the first key – not to go back to the coronavirus, i.e. to bring more vaccines so that we will be immune from the moment the vaccines that we received, before the entire world, expire, and this will happen in another six-to-eight months, we do not know; therefore, this will be the first goal.

This report is certainly encouraging. There are many challenges and problems but relative to the western economies, the developed economies, for which we have data, I think that our situation is pretty good, but it must be excellent."

Regarding the link between the proportion of high-tech in the GDP and the economic damage in OECD countries, Prime Minister Netanyahu said, "This is an amazing piece of data. The graph shows the strength of high-tech. Except for Ireland, we are in the best place in the world."

Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Yaron:

"GDP this year contracted deeply by 2.5% but even so in international terms, the contraction is relatively lower. This is mainly due to the technology-intensive sectors including our high-tech exports. On the one hand, I think that is worthwhile to preserve the government decisions giving continued unpaid leave until June and on the other hand, not to announce their extension in order to let people understand that they need to return to the cycle of employment.

We are currently in a stage in which unemployment will decline as a result of the exit from the crisis. In another three weeks, we will have better data about what exactly happened in March and then we will be able to understand if the decline in unemployment is broad or focused on tourism or the arts. Of course, our attention to arrangements for unemployment and unpaid leave must come within this context."

Prime Minister Netanyahu, in conclusion:

"I was pleased to hear that relative to the economies of the world Israel's situation is pretty good; however, there are still many major challenges. We have managed the coronavirus well, even impressively so, but there is still a long way ahead of us."
