Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_vaccine_update070121

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, at a special update on the issue of vaccines: "In recent weeks I have held 17 conversations with my friend Pfizer Chairman and CEO Albert Bourla. The last conversation was held in the past 24 hours. This evening I am excited to inform you about a tremendous breakthrough that will pull us out of the coronavirus and get us back to life. We will be the first country in the world to emerge from the coronavirus. The agreement that I have made with Pfizer will enable us to vaccinate all citizens of Israel over the age of 16 by the end of March and perhaps even earlier, meaning that we will vaccinate the entire relevant population and everyone who wants to will be able to be vaccinated. The historic vaccines operation will be called 'Getting Back to Life', and in the coming days we will publish the order of vaccinations for Operation Getting Back to Life. The first plane is due to arrive on Sunday and there will be others in a chain. As part of the agreement with Pfizer, we decided that Israel will be a global model state for the rapid vaccination of an entire country. To this end, we have brought forward the arrival of the vaccines and also increased their number. Israel will share with Pfizer and with the entire world the statistical data that will help develop strategies for defeating the coronavirus. We can do this because our health system is among the most advanced in the world, truly a light unto the nations. On Seder night this coming Passover we will – with the help of G-d – be able to sit around the holiday table with grandmother and grandfather, mother and father, children and grandchildren. When we ask why is this night different, the answer will be: Everything has changed; tonight we are all reclining. Through Operation Getting Back to Life we will open the economy, return to places of work, synagogues, restaurants and cafes, soccer fields and basketball courts, cultural events, to the lives we so much miss and love. But for this to happen, we must not forget for a moment that the pandemic is running amok in the world with great vigor. The mutation has brought countries like England and other countries to a third full lockdown as well as record mortality and morbidity, but for us victory is in within reach. For this, we need everyone to make one final effort. I call on everyone to adhere to the lockdown rules – all sectors, without exception. We will look after each other and we will keep the rules because the coronavirus does not distinguish between us and neither can we distinguish among each other. Everyone needs to strictly observe the lockdown, in a great final effort. Very soon, by the end of March, through Operation Getting Back to Life every citizen of Israel will be able to be vaccinated. We will be able to embrace each other and get back to life."
