Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_beit_shemesh180121

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein visited a Meuhedet HMO clinic in Beit Shemesh. Also participating in the tour were Beit Shemesh Mayor Aliza Bloch, Meuhedt Chairman Eyal Gabai and Meuhedet CEO Sigal Regev-Rosenberg. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "Over the last 24 hours, I have sought to advance two initiatives: At the leaders' conference I proposed that Israel take the lead in establishing an international conglomeration for research into, and the manufacture of, vaccines for viruses and global pandemics. There was an enthusiastic wall-to-wall response. This is a very important step because it would enable us to better prepare for future threats. Moreover, this step brings together the abilities of nations, some of which are better in research and development, others in production and others in pure scientific research. We want to bring together these countries in an international conglomeration, at Israel's initiative. We will continue and will report to you about the progress in this project. Yesterday I held a discussion with Health Minister Edelstein, Transportation Minister Miri Regev and National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat and I directed that immediate action be taken on requiring people entering Israel to take coronavirus tests as well as an additional tightening regarding flights to and from Israel. This is an important step because the pandemic is running amok overseas. So that we will be able to save many lives and emerge from the coronavirus, we must increase the proportion of those being vaccinated among the general population but especially among the Arab and ultra-orthodox publics. Wherever I go, I call on people to be vaccinated. I am also doing this here in Beit Shemesh today. I was pleased to hear from the mayor that there has been progress here and a major increase. Nevertheless, I would like to direct my remarks here to the ultra-orthodox public and ask you: Go be vaccinated. The vaccines will not only save your lives and your health, they will also save the lives of your loved ones: Parents, grandparents. Only together will we be able to defeat the coronavirus. In conclusion, tomorrow we will hold a Cabinet meeting on the issue of the coronavirus. The mutation is running amok in the world and you see the vast numbers. There are countries in Europe in which they are now talking about lockdowns until April. That is not the situation with us thanks to our joint efforts. But it could be that we will need an additional short limited period. We will decide about this tomorrow and I am certain that we will receive the cooperation of all of you. We are on the way to defeating the coronavirus."
