Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_yad070421

Throughout this past year of the coronavirus pandemic, I thought of you, the Holocaust survivors, each and every day. I know that staying at home, away from your families, the isolation, the lockdowns—it was all very difficult. It was difficult for all of us, but for many of you, it brought back painful memories of the terrible loneliness of your childhoods. When we brought in millions of vaccines, we decided to inoculate the elderly population first, a population that of course includes you, the Holocaust survivors. We grieve for the loss of the 900 Holocaust survivors who perished from this disease, those who were not able to hold on until the vaccines arrived. But for the most part, the vaccines were successful. You were inoculated at record rates. However, there were people for whom the vaccines raised fears and anxiety rooted in the horrors of the past.

I was deeply moved by Bella Freund's story. Bella, who lives in Jerusalem, is the child of parents who survived the Holocaust. As a young man, Bella's father escaped from Poland to Siberia, where he joined the Red Army and fought against the Nazis. Her mother was sent to Auschwitz-Birkenau, and from there to Bergen-Belsen. At Birkenau, she faced the Angel of Death, Mengele, who conducted horrifying medical experiments on her. In the face of all this, Bella's parents survived and started a family in Israel. Two months ago, Bella was at the Machane Yehuda Market in Jerusalem and she saw a Magen David Adom ambulance that was vaccinating passersby. A wave of terror flooded her. The thought of the needle prick brought up her family trauma—her helpless mother, the devil wrecking her fragile body. But in Machane Yehuda, Bella did not meet the angel of death, but rather an angel of a different sort. Paramedic Fahdi Dkedik, from East Jerusalem, saw Bella's tortured misgivings, listened to her story and told her, "Bella, don't be afraid. Nothing will happen to you here. I'll vaccinate you myself." Despite her deep-rooted trauma, Bella was successfully inoculated thanks to Fahdi. Look at what we have here: the lingering trauma of the Holocaust, a woman from an ultra-Orthodox family, an Arab-Israeli paramedic and the emergence from the corona crisis into a life of hope.

Bella and Fahdi's story is a symbol of new hope in our region—hope that is reflected in the historic peace agreements we achieved this year with Arab states. It is a hope that finds expression in the tremendous change taking place in the Arab world with regard to Israel and also with regard to the Holocaust. In fact, at this very moment, an event commemorating the victims of the Holocaust is being held in a museum in Dubai. Who would have believed it? These are signs of welcome change in the reciprocal relations between Jews and Arabs—outside of Israel, but inside it as well.

However, distinguished guests, while we are moving forward, there are things that threaten to drag us back. The nuclear agreement with Iran, which allowed it to make progress in developing its arsenal of atomic bombs under international auspices—this very same agreement is back on the table. However, history has taught us that such agreements with such extremist regimes are worth less than nothing. Even to our best friends I say: Make no mistake; an agreement with Iran that will pave their way to a nuclear weapon—a weapon that threatens to destroy us—any such agreement will not bind us one iota. Only one thing binds us: preventing those who seek to destroy us from carrying out their plan.

During the Holocaust, we did not have the strength to defend ourselves, nor the sovereign right to do so. We were without rights, without a country, without protection. Today, we have a country, we have a defensive force and we have the natural and full right as the sovereign nation of the Jewish people to defend ourselves against our enemies.

This is also our decisive response to the scandalous decision of the International Criminal Court at The Hague. This court seeks to investigate the ridiculous claim that Israel's soldiers and commanders—who are highly moral—allegedly committed war crimes while they were fighting against merciless terrorist organizations that commit war crimes every single day. The soldiers of the IDF fight Iran's deadly proxies, and we are the ones being condemned? How absurd. What hypocrisy. The establishment of the ICC was inspired by the Nuremberg military tribunals, which prosecuted Nazi war criminals after World War II. But between Nuremberg and The Hague, the complete opposite is taking place: a body instituted to defend human rights has become the defender of those who trample human rights. However, it is not just the court that has undergone a reversal. We have undergone a reversal as well: a reversal from unfathomable weakness in exile to tremendous strength in our homeland; from a rootless people that is disturbed like dust by the wind to a powerful and proud people rooted in its country; from the dark abyss of Auschwitz to the bright heights of Jerusalem. Unlike in the past, today there is no one in the world who can deprive us of the right and the power to defend ourselves from any existential threat.

Citizens of Israel, yesterday my wife and I witnessed the life force of our people at a moving meeting with tonight's torch-lighters: Halina Friedman, Sara Fishman, Manya Bigunov, Zehava Gealel, Yossi Chen, Roza Bloch and Shmuel Naar. Each and every one of the survivors has an incredible story, a story that is wonderful and horrible and sublime all at the same time. My wife, Sara, said to them yesterday, "You represent the six million, our brothers and sisters who were not saved as you were." The oldest of the survivors here with us tonight is 97 year-old Shmuel. Shmuel grew up in Thessaloniki and was deported to Auschwitz. He survived a year in the camp without understanding the language spoken by the guards who viciously beat him day after day. Shmuel fought in Israel's wars for decades. Yesterday, he told us, "I am here in Israel and I am happy." I told him that over the past several months, I have frequently spoken with another Jew from Thessaloniki: Albert Bourla, the CEO of Pfizer, which provided Israel and the entire world with vaccines. Albert's parents were also Holocaust survivors—survivors who rose from the ashes of the magnificent Jewish community of Thessaloniki. And now, 80 years later, fate brought together the prime minister of the State of Israel, which also rose from the ashes, with the CEO of Pfizer, which developed a cure for the coronavirus pandemic that threatens all of humanity, for a life-saving mission.

The Holocaust and the resurrection were intertwined in my conversations with Albert. Albert Bourla is a proud Jew and he also leads one of the most important companies in the world. I told him at the beginning of our journey together that the State of Israel would be an international exemplar of dealing with health challenges of the third world war—the war against the global virus. He was convinced that this was true, and together we proved it was.

What I told Albert Boula of Thessaloniki, I repeated yesterday to the Holocaust survivor Shumel from Thessaloniki and to all the torch-lighters. I pointed to the map of the world hanging on the wall of the Israeli government's cabinet room—a map on which tiny Israel looks like a microscopic stain, surrounded by immeasurably larger countries. I said, "Together, we have created a wonder unparalleled in human history. We were resurrected, took our fate into our hands and transformed our country into a global power and a superpower in several fields." And then I added, "None of this is a given. Our existence is not automatically assured. Only if we combine the strength of creativity that burns inside us with the strength to oppose those who seek to kill us—only then, God willing, will we safeguard the undertaking of resurrection and salvation for generations to come." As it is written in Isaiah, "Although you have been forsaken and despised, with no one traveling through, I will make you the everlasting pride, the joy of all generations."
