Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_idf130421

Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife Sara, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with IDF orphans from the IDF Widows and Orphans Organization. Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife were moved by the stories of heroism and by the orphans' pain over their fathers. The Prime Minister shared his personal bereavement over the loss of his brother Yoni Netanyahu. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "When this happens to someone, I call it the ripping out of an organ. It is like they have cut your hand or foot off, or taken out an organ. Therefore, the big question is how does one live after this? I think that what my wife Sara said here is the conclusion that I reached. Bialik wrote a poem entitled 'After My Death'. There was a man and he was not. He died, suddenly he was gone. My answer to this is no, he us here in the heart. Beyond all the things that we are doing outside, the true commemoration is in your hearts: What you know, what you have locked up, what you have gathered and received from the family or from your memory is the existence that exists with you forever in the heart, I tell you, it will live in your heart until your last day and not leave. It does not need to leave; on the contrary, your fathers live within you. From what you knew or from what you learned afterward from your mothers, aunts and uncles, and the family. Your fathers live within you. I can tell you, my brother Yoni lives within me every day. I talk to him about many things. This is the strongest commemoration that can be and it gives you strength. Your fathers live within each one of you." Sara Netanyahu: "The most important thing is to continue your fathers' memories and also to continue to live, also because they will be happy up above. I am certain that your fathers see you, are proud and are watching over you. They are happy when you are happy." Attending the meeting were Shilo Butbul, 17, son of the late Sgt. Mordechai Butbul; Neriah Moreno, 17, son of the late Col. Emmanuel Moreno; Asul Nasr E-Din, 16, daughter of the late Sgt. Lutfy Nasr E-Din; Rotem Sharir, 26, daughter of the late Lt. Col. Yuval Sharir; Lehi Greenberg, 22, daughter of the late Col. Amotz Greenberg, who was killed in Operation Protective Edge; Yosiel Kahlon, 23, son of Warrant Officer Rami Kahlon, who was killed in Operation Protective Edge; Stav Harriri, 26, son of the late Col. Dov Harriri; Noam Almaliah, 23, son of the late Sgt. Moshe Almaliah, who was killed in fighting along the Philadelphi route; and Yasam Shibl, 27, son of the late Sgt. Ibrahim Shibl. The meeting was held in cooperation with the IDF Widows and Orphans Organization and with the participation of Tami Shelach (Chairwoman), Yuval Lipkin (Executive Director) and Shlomi Nachumson (Director of Youth Programs).
