Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_start040121

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting : "The millions of vaccines that we brought to the country have put Israel in first place in the world in emerging from the coronavirus. I am doing everything so that we will be able to continue vaccinating at this rapid pace. I will also convene the Cabinet within the next 48 hours to decide on tightening the lockdown in a final effort to defeat the pandemic. Thanks to the millions of vaccines and the short, tightened lockdown, we will save many lives and we will be the first in the world to open the economy. Today, the Finance Minister and I are submitting a proposal to give over NIS 2 billion in additional grants to the self-employed and to business owners. This is thousands of shekels more for every business owner who has been hurt during the coronavirus period. We are also extending the period for paying local property taxes. The money will – immediately – make it easier for businesses and within a short time we will open the entire economy and we will emerge from the crisis once and for all. As a result of the vaccinations, the Bank of Israel has just announced that the forecast regarding the shrinking of the economy has declined from 6% to 3.5%. This is a good sign. Israel is also leading the world in emerging from the coronavirus vis-à-vis both health and the economy. I also thank the Defense Minister who has now joined in this effort and I hope that the Knesset will pass it quickly." "I would like to commend the ISA, the [Israel Police] anti-terror unit and the IDF for apprehending the reprehensible terrorist who brutally murdered the late Esther Horgan. We will deal with him – and with those who aided him – to the fullest extent of the law. Let also those who seek our ill know, and they see this time and again, that the long arm of Israel will reach them, everywhere and at all times." "Iran has announced that it will raise the uranium enrichment level and will advance the industrial ability to enrich uranium underground. This is a gross and total violation of its commitments. There is no other explanation except for the continued realization of Iran's intention to manufacture nuclear weapons. I reiterate: Israel will not allow Iran to manufacture nuclear weapons."
