Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_zarzir090221

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Health Minister Yuli Edelstein, today , visited the Clalit Health Services clinic in Zarzir.

Also participating in the visit were Federation of Local Authorities Chairman Haim Bibas, Zarzir Local Council Chairman Amir Mazarib and Clalit Health Services Northern District Director Dr. Mordechai Dayan.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I am happy to be here with my colleague the Health Minister, Federation of Local Authorities Chairman Haim Bibas, Zarzir Local Council Chairman Amir Mazarib, the director of the clinic and the dedicated staff.

Thank you Nadine and Ali, you are showing the youth, in the country in general and in Arab society in particular, that it is important to go and be vaccinated. I am pleased here in Zarzir, on my second visit, to see that there is an increase, but it is still not enough.

We are in a national emergency situation. I want to give you an unsettling piece of data: Last month, in the past 30 days, 1,536 people have died from the coronavirus in Israel. Over 97% of them were not vaccinated. Less than 3% of them were vaccinated.

We are a nation of vaccines. We have vaccines for every citizen – for everyone. On Sunday another 1 million vaccines arrived. Therefore, if you are being vaccinated, you are saving your lives. There is no reason why you should risk death.

Do not listen to fake news. Go and be vaccinated and save your lives. I ask you, on behalf of myself and all citizens of Israel, go and be vaccinated."

In response to correspondents' questions, Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"It seems that we will start to open the education system in the coming days. The reason that we are doing this gradually is that there are around 2.5 million children, and when there is the British mutation running amok, they could infect their parents who are in their forties and fifties.

We are trying to do this gradually so that they children will not infect others and will not be added to the severe cases that are crowding the hospitals and will, afterwards, fill the cemeteries. Therefore, we are doing this gradually.

We will, apparently, open in the coming days as a first step, but we will do so gradually.

We will also issue green passports and then people will be able to go with the green passports. We will be able to gradually open the various areas of life, gradually, starting with education and afterwards the other areas. This is exactly what we are discussing. There is a new reality; we are in an emergency reality.

By the way, it is not just us. In Europe, they are talking about full lockdowns until April.

We are catching up to the disease. We have the possibility of exiting the disease with minimal damage. However, a last effort must be made in a gradual and responsible manner. Beginning with pre-school education, for part of the people, and later everyone and thus we will continue to make step-by-step progress. We can exit this. The rapid mutation is the reason that we are acting so cautiously.

his was not the situation a month ago. This is the situation now and we are adapting ourselves to what is happening in the world and also the country; the mutation is hitting us. We have the possibility due to the millions of vaccines, including the million that we just received a few days ago."

In response to additional correspondents' questions, Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"We are working around the clock. I am pleased that the serious discussions over the past two days dealt with the question of how to provide incentives for the remaining people. The young people must come and be vaccinated but before them people over 50 because 97% of the deaths are in this age group as are 93% of the severe cases.

Young people can infect them and accumulate all kinds of symptoms that will stay with them for life. Therefore, we are currently focusing on increasing vaccinations.

We evaluated the matter of incentives and one of them will certainly be the green standard so that people will be able to enter a range of places: Cafes, museums, cinemas, sports events, hotels and the like. We are evaluating additional incentives. There are legal questions that we want to overcome.

We are in an emergency situation and we must vaccinate the remaining population in order to save lives and prevent bad things that will continue for a lifetime and this is possible.

We are a nation of vaccines. We can vaccinate every citizen very quickly. What is currently preventing us from doing so is not supply. We have millions of vaccines and we have fantastic medical teams.

We have the combination of vaccines and the ability to vaccinate. Therefore, this is what we are doing and this is what I am doing here now, and in all communities and in Arab and ultra-orthodox communities, where the gaps are. We want to vaccinate everyone in order to exit from this.

The only thing that is currently preventing the completion of this is the fake news and the vacuous and malicious beliefs that are taking root among the public, on the internet. Do not believe them."
