Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_discussion260121

Prime Minister Netanyahu met with Arab sector local council heads for the continued discussion of the proposal that will be submitted for Cabinet approval on defeating violence and crime in Arab society.

In addition to Bedouin local and regional council heads, Public Security Minister Amir Ohana, the head of the Prime Minister's Staff Asher Hayon, Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Tzachi Braverman, Israel Police Inspector General Yaakov Shabtai, Federation of Local Authorities Chairman Haim Bibas, Dimona Mayor Benny Biton and other senior officials also attended the meeting.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We will submit a Cabinet decision forthwith. The goal is to submit a unique budget now, to start the work, not to wait. A project manager must be appointed to coordinate the work, not just police work but all actions that we want to do in order to implement our plan.

We are taking action to anchor the vast campaign against crime and violence in Arab communities that will quickly spread to Jewish communities. I cannot accept this. I am not just saying this.

I assigned the responsibility to the Public Security Minister and the new Israel Police Inspector General, who have responded and you are already seeing the changes being made. But this is not enough.

I want special forces, task forces. We can do this because we have technologies that did not exist elsewhere. We have technologies that eliminated organized crime in the Jewish sector and completely eliminated domestic terrorism.

These are the means at our disposal. A modern state that mobilizes for this has vast forces. These forces are stronger than these organizations and stronger than the petty crime that we must put down by other means."

The heads of the following councils attended the discussion: Tuba-Zangariya Local Council, Aroer Local Council, Tel Sheva Local Council, Bustan al-Marj Regional Council, Al-Batuf Regional Council, Al-Kasom Regional Council and Kuseife Local Council.
