Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_statements250521

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Prime Minister Netanyahu: Secretary Blinken, Tony, welcome to Jerusalem, your first visit as Secretary of State. First, a vote of thanks to President Biden and to you for firmly supporting Israel's right of self-defense. I have to say that Secretary Blinken, in a previous capacity in 2014, when we had another round of engagement against Hamas aggression, supported us by having Iron Dome replenishments, a quarter of a billion dollars, that you personally shepherded through the system very quickly, and we remember it and we're very grateful to you You are giving meaning to this now again with replenishments of Iron Dome interceptors that save civilian lives on both sides. We're grateful for that too. We too will give meaning to our commitment to our self-defense if Hamas breaks the calm and attacks Israel. Our response will be very powerful. We have discussed ways of how to work together to prevent Hamas rearmament with the weapons and means of aggression. The second point is naturally Iran. We discussed many regional issues, but none is greater than Iran and I can tell you that I hope that the United States will not go back to the old JCPOA, because we believe that deal paves the way for Iran to have an arsenal of nuclear weapons with international legitimacy. Whatever happens, Israel will always reserve the right to defend itself against a regime committed to our destruction, committed to getting the weapons of mass destruction for that end. The third point is peace. We need to work together to expand normalization between Israel and the Arab and the Muslim world and deepen the peace treaties that we already have. We also discussed how to improve the lives and the conditions of the Palestinians, the humanitarian conditions in Gaza, including the question of the return of our MIAs and two civilians who are there, as well as building economic growth for Judea and Samaria, the West Bank, with international cooperation and participation. As for peace itself with the Palestinians, a formal peace, I think President Biden was absolutely correct when he said you're not going to get peace until Israel is recognized as an independent Jewish state, and that is the key. I couldn't agree more with President Biden and I couldn't be happier than welcoming you here and your delegation in Jerusalem. We have a lot to work for. We have common goals of peace, security and prosperity, and I look forward to working with you on those in this visit and more. Welcome." Prime Minister Netanyahu added: "Thank you and the president for your strong statements against antisemitism masquerading as anti-Zionism, but it's antisemitism. You took a bold position, a clear position, and we appreciate it. I think all decent people everywhere appreciate that stance."
