Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_school180421

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Education Minister Yoav Galant and Jerusalem Mayor Moshe Lion, today, visited the new high school in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Homa: Prime Minister Netanyahu: "We are marking a holiday, the opening of the education system. Until now, pupils were in capsules, now they are together for the first time. I just visited with 7th grade pupils. They are studying the Tanakh, the Book of Samuel, and I told them that our connection to the past and our jump toward the future are what characterize our people. We are currently leading the world in exiting from the coronavirus. The full resumption of studies in middle schools as well is an outstanding example of this. There are two things that I would like to emphasize: First, we are not rid of the masks yet. They must be worn inside buildings and classrooms; outside you can take them off, but it is recommended that they be worn in gatherings. In general, wear masks inside – it is possible to take them off outside. Second, we are not finished yet with the coronavirus because it could come back. The most important thing in order to prevent the return of the coronavirus is to bring millions more vaccines here because sooner or later we will need an additional injection. The current vaccine is due to expire after six or nine months to a year. We will need additional vaccines. I am working on this and will inform you when there will be news on the matter." Education Minister Galant: "This is a holiday for the education system. For the first time in many long months, 2.5 million pupils from around the country have returned to full learning in educational institutions. On behalf of the education system, I would like to thank the Prime Minister for vaccinating the citizens of Israel. Thanks to the vaccines, morbidity has declined and this has enabled the return to full activity of the beating heart of the country – the institutions of education in Israel. At a time when many countries are still under lockdowns, in the State of Israel we have returned to life thanks to the Prime Minister's vaccination campaign. In the past year, the education system has succeeded in reducing digital gaps of generations. This is thanks to 150,000 laptop computers that we distributed to pupils across the country in order to promote remote learning. In the coming weeks, we will act to reduce the emotional and pedagogic gaps that were created over the past year and we will continue promoting educational and information processing reforms in the coming academic year for the pupils – the future generation of the State of Israel."
