Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_licensing010321

The Cabinet approved Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's plan to improve coordination in planning and construction procedures, which will lead to reduced regulation in the licensing and construction process. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I welcome this plan which will promote cooperation and coordination between all of the agencies that deal with planning and construction. This will definitely lead to greater efficiency in the processes and reduced regulation. One of the most important things that the Prime Minister's Office under my leadership has been advancing is reducing regulation. This is very important for us to lead as part of the economic plans and in general." Under the plan, the Prime Minister's Office will advance solutions to the pooling and sharing of government information regarding housing and infrastructures in order to assist the relevant government ministries and infrastructure agencies in improving the quality of planning and implementation procedures in building and establishing infrastructures, increasing efficiency and shortening timeframes. These solutions include both the formulation of recommendations for existing technological platforms for sharing information and the creation of new information as forecasts for approved business deals in marketing and regarding construction starts. These measures will improve the quality of existing information in the hands of government ministries and infrastructure agencies as they plan the work to build housing or infrastructures, and will increase their planning certainty vis-à-vis anticipated activity by other elements in a certain area in the coming years. The plan also advances a response to the quality gap and the duration of the construction licensing process, and will lead to improved regulation, reduced bureaucracy and greater efficiency in the process of issuing construction permits. The decision is being led by Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Tzachi Braverman via the Prime Minister's Office Home Affairs, Planning and Development Division.
