Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_statement020221

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We are in the midst of a race between the 'Back to Life' vaccines operation and the mutation. This vaccines operation is our key to the coronavirus exit plan.

When I say that a mutation is striking us, it is striking the entire world. In Germany they are currently talking about extending the state of emergency until June and in other countries they are extending the tightened lockdowns for many weeks. Three times as many people have died in Britain as in Israel. Every one, of course, is a loss.

The mutation is also striking us. I would like to show you to what extent it is spreading. [A slide is shown.] Several days ago, it was responsible for 70% of our samples. It seems that it currently stands at 80%, a powerful and rapid spread.

This is what is challenging our health system. 97% of those who have died are in the 50-and-over age group. Almost 100% of the deceased are there.

Regarding serious cases, 93% of serious cases are in the 50-and-over age group. This is striking us and doing so very clearly. If we take control of the disease in these ages, if we succeed in vaccinating and protecting the people in this group, to a large extent we will be on the way to victory over the coronavirus, of course, if there are no surprises such as new mutations that we are not familiar with and which could enter Israel. This is why we closed the borders as you know.

Today, I am proposing a national goal as the basis for our exit from the coronavirus: To vaccinate at least 90% of the 50+ age group within two weeks. This is an achievable goal because 77% of them are already vaccinated.

We hope to complete this within the next two weeks. I call on whoever is watching us this evening, if you have not yet been vaccinated, go and be vaccinated. It is important not only for you, it is important for all of us because it is what will enable us to gradually open the economy and it is what will enable us, mainly, to save lives.

I would like to tell you, every day is decisive. The significance of another three days of lockdown is another approximately 200,000 protected people. That is to say, people who received the second vaccine plus one week. Among these are 120,000 people over 50. This is simply the saving of lives.

Vaccinating the 50+ age group will enable us to gradually exit from the lockdown, to save many lives and open the economy.

I know that we do not intend to do this waiting for the opening. We will start the gradual opening already next week but we will exit cautiously. I will submit this national goal to the Cabinet and we will submit it together with our exit plan.

I reiterate: We will exit cautiously for the exact reason you have seen here and what is happening around the world. We are one people. We will overcome this. I call on everyone: Jews, Muslims, Christians, Druze, religious, secular, everybody: Go and be vaccinated.

We are not delaying the vaccines of all the rest. This is being done according to the Health Ministry preferences. But first of all I call on everyone over 50: Go and be vaccinated immediately."
