Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke_arab010321

Health Minister Yuli Edelstein, Interior Minister Aryeh Deri, Prime Minister's Office Acting Director General Tzahi Braverman, National Security Council head Meir Ben-Shabbat, national coronavirus project manager Prof. Nachman Ash, Federation of Local Authorities Chairman Haim Bibas and other senior officials also attended the meeting which focused increasing the pace of vaccination in Arab society. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I requested this meeting because morbidity in Arab society is still surging. There is still much fake news and it is still necessary to vaccinate the entire public, and not just the adults as before. Adults over 50 bring almost 100% of the mortality and the severe morbidity, which adds to the crowding at hospitals and – of course – brings tragedies. People die and people suffer from diseases that can stay with them all their lives. By the way, this is also happening to young people; therefore, you – as public leaders – must make a special effort. It is simply important to explain this. There is incredible fake news: 'We are injecting a foreign body.' 'This vaccine is a foreign body that is invading the body.' What nonsense, the foreign body that is invading the body is the virus. It is the coronavirus. People would die were it not for vaccines. Before the age of vaccines, people died in droves and average life expectancy was between 30 and 40. Today it is more than double, thanks to vaccines. The vaccines are a blessing for humanity. The vaccines are a blessing for every man and woman, and every boy and girl. I ask that you join in here, help explode the fake news, join in now, to bring everyone. We have a vaccine for every Israeli citizen, everyone, without exception. We have no restriction; in Israel, the vaccines are waiting for the people. So I ask you – join in the effort, you leaders, you have influence. There are medical officials here and I ask that they also speak. I request that they explain this in Hebrew and Arabic and every way to the public, to the Muslim, Christian, Bedouin, Circassian and Druze publics. Everyone needs to understand this: The virus does not distinguish between us. It does not distinguish between any one of us. It will attack anyone who is not vaccinated. I request, the vaccines are waiting for you. I ask you as leaders. I have met with many of you. I know that you understand this but it is important to me that you help your people to understand this."
