Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-bedouins210623

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, yesterday, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, convened a meeting of the Ministerial Committee on Legalizing the Settlement, and the Economic Development, of the Bedouin Sector in the Negev. Social Equality Minister Amichai Chikli presented a review of the situation of the Bedouin population in the Negev. Together with professional officials, he also detailed the plan to advance legalization of the settlement of the Bedouin population in the Negev for 2023-2025. Prime Minister Netanyahu asked National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir to prepare a plan to fight the criminal organizations that are harming the population as a whole. Education Minister Yoav Kish noted the language gap that is affecting the social integration [of the Bedouin population]. In this context, Prime Minister Netanyahu requested that a plan be prepared on increasing Hebrew-language studies, as a tool for development and integration in academia and employment. Regarding the polygamy issue, Justice Ministry officials discussed how the phenomenon is being dealt with, and its negative consequences. It was noted that currently, according to the Almog Report, the authorities are notified only if upon the third wife, or more. Prime Minister Netanyahu rescinded this directive; notification will now be made upon the second wife. The Prime Minister also asked the Justice Ministry to submit a proposal within two weeks on dealing with the plague of polygamy. Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the start of the Committee [translated from Hebrew]: "Today we are convening the first meeting of the ministerial committee on Bedouin sector affairs. We will deal with legalizing settlement, integrating the Bedouin sector into the economy and all other areas of life in the State of Israel, and issues regarding governance, even if the question of enforcing law and order is the responsibility of the National Security Ministry and the Justice Ministry. We will deal with all of these items; our intention is to change the reality. It is written 'It is in the Negev that the creativity and pioneering vigor of Israel shall be tested.' If this is how it will be tested, then Ben-Gurion did not succeed in creating the necessary change. We have changed many things in the Negev, mainly by bringing in national infrastructure that reaches all residents of the Negev, and also by moving enterprises and the private sector to the Negev. While the Negev is indeed flourishing, there is a major problem in the Negev. We need the Bedouin to be part of this great success story, in every respect. This is the goal of this meeting and the additional meetings that we will hold. I thank you Minister Chikli and your team, as well as the other ministers that are cooperating in this effort." Social Equality Minister Chikli [translated from Hebrew]: "After expedited work, in cooperation with all ministries, the Legalization Authority and the Negev Bedouin Authority, we are bringing to the government table a national five-year plan the purpose of which will be to legalize Bedouin settlement in the Negev. The legalization efforts will focus on the following areas: Rahat, which needs to move to self-development track; Hura, which is an important urban focal point for the Bedouin population in the entire area; northern Arad, the nature and scenic vistas that must be cleared of clusters of illegal construction; and Bir Haj, which was originally built by patchwork, and has become a focus of crime and must change its path. An additional decision that will be submitted for approval deals with the fight against the phenomenon of polygamy, which contravenes Israeli law, led by the Justice Ministry that is headed by Minister Levin and Director General Donenfeld. The decision establishes a professional team to deal with the incentives that encourage the phenomenon, especially regarding support payments and national insurance. The decision will also add 14 designated positions to the law enforcement establishment for the government fight against polygamy. The plan that has been submitted here is not a grandiose but achievable, with goals that can be measured. I believe that in this way we can achieve results, with G-d's help."
