Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-ceremony180723

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks today (Tuesday, 18 July 2023), at the state memorial ceremony for Ze'ev Jabotinsky, on Mt. Herzl in Jerusalem:

"One hundred years after the 'iron wall' was stamped in Jabotinsky's writings we are continuing to successfully implement these principles. I say 'continuing' because the need to stand as a powerful iron wall against our enemies has been adopted by every Government of Israel, from the right and the left. We are developing defensive and offensive tools against those who seek to harm us, and I can tell you with certainty that they do not distinguish between this or that camp among us.

Whoever tries to harm us on one front, or more than one front, needs to know that they will pay the price.

We will continue to oppose, with uncompromising strength, Iran's efforts to develop a nuclear arsenal, and we will stand steadfast against its efforts to develop terrorist fronts on our borders – in Gaza, in Judea and Samaria, in Syria and in Lebanon.

Like Jabotinsky, who believed that the natural alliance of the state of the Jews is with the western powers, so do we believe that our first and most important alliance, which is irreplaceable, is with the US. However, we will always remember that the supreme responsibility for our fate and security is on us – on the sovereign Government of Israel in Jerusalem."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"Even in Jabotinsky's time, there were camps, disagreements, arguments and occasionally arguments that were no less bitter than they are today. But Jabotinsky always knew that there were lines that were not to be crossed. When he was in the minority, his sense of propriety held true. It was not a conditional sense of propriety and it was not fake. In no way would he condone incitement to refusal to serve in the Israeli military.

Refusal to serve, by whatever side, is the end of the military. It undermines the foundations of our shared existence and is liable to destroy our home. It gives encouragement to our enemies who could be tempted to undertake an act of aggression against us, while not understanding that we would unite at the appropriate moment.

And what is most difficult, is the fact that some of those leading the incitement to refusal to serve formerly led the country or the military. They, of all people, know full well the price of incitement to refusal to serve.

Jabotinsy would have strongly opposed those who incite to rebellion to destroy everything that we have built here together. He wrote: 'A Jewish state is like light and air – it is mine.'

The state belongs to all of us. I would like to tell you, precisely because it belongs to all of us, we understand that part of the public is fearful over a fundamental change to the character of the state. Therefore, I would like to emphasize: We, the students of Jabotinsky, are committed to Israel remaining a Jewish and democratic national state, free, liberal, and holding as sacrosanct majority rule alongside individual rights.

In order to achieve this, we are working to correct an imbalance between the authority in a measured and responsible way, while striving for broad public agreement as much as possible."
