Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start301023

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

"We are in the midst of the war. We have set the clear goal of destroying Hamas's military and governing capabilities. We are doing this systematically. First of all, the initial blocking stage is over. The second stage, pounding them from the air is continuing all the time. The third stage – the IDF has expanded its ground incursion inside the Gaza Strip. It is doing so in measured, very powerful, steps making methodical, step-by-step progress.

I must say that we give full trust, in the method as well, under the leadership of the Chief-of-Staff, and we are doing so with all of the people and with all of the leadership of the people. There will be future steps, which I cannot detail here, but we are discussing them in the War Cabinet.

At the same time, we are working to have active deterrence on the northern front as well. I reiterate to Nasrallah: You will be making the mistake of your lives if you decide to fully intervene in the campaign. You will receive a blow that you cannot even imagine.

At the same time, we are continuing the efforts to free the hostages, both with the maneuver, which is even creating possibilities of securing release that we will not miss. This campaign will take time. There will be pitfalls. There will be difficulties. There will be losses. There will also be surprises, but in the end, I promise you one thing: Hamas will be crushed. Hamas will be defeated; there will be a different Gaza.

For this we will need patience and time. In order to make the time, we need to ensure diplomatic support. I am in daily contact with the President of the US. His team is talking with their counterparts constantly. We have made it clear that we are fighting not only our war, but their war as well; because if Hamas is not defeated, then the axis of evil will win. And if the axis of evil wins, the free world will lose. The western world and the entire Arab world will lose, and there will be a great threat to humanity. Our battle is a battle for our existence but it is also a battle for their future. Therefore, this is both a diplomatic and a public diplomacy effort, and whoever can contribute needs to do so.

This effort is also a humanitarian effort. This is true in and of itself, and because it assists our forces. We are trying to move the population to the southern Gaza Strip. We made a safe zone there, a safe area, and it is there that we want to direct the humanitarian assistance. We are also doing this in coordination with our American friends. This is a process that will also take time.

The third effort is the economic effort. I know that you ministers are doing major work. We will need to do much more. This will cost a lot of money and this is a secondary consideration in our view. We will do everything necessary. We will do more. It is also important that you show what you are doing to the public in an orderly manner.

Above all, what is required is united forces. We formed a national emergency government for the war. The nation is more united now than it has ever been. There is a fighting spirit among the soldiers; I visit them. This morning, I was with the Gidonim. Before that I have been with all of the forces. One simply needs to see them imbued with fire because they understand that we are fighting for our existence, and it is this unity that will be decisive.

I ask each one of you, if you have questions, suggestions or ideas, my door is open, come to me. We also have a team working on this as well. I will be happy to hear from you. But the main point is that together we will win."
