Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-bulgaria061123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with Bulgarian Prime Minister Nikolay Denkov.

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting:

"Prime Minister, welcome. Thank you for coming and standing with Israel in Israel. Your support is very important. We appreciate the support of the entire people of Bulgaria."

Bulgarian Prime Minister Denkov:

"We're here really to express our strong support of Israel and its citizens. We know how a difficult time it is today and that's why we have to be here.

We were all shocked by the terrorist attacks that killed so many innocent people. And it is extremely important that all the hostages can be released as soon as possible. And at least, the international community, the Red Cross, should have access to them, again, immediately. It was really shocking to see the attacks that killed these people here in Israel.

We want to say that Hamas and all its military and administrative structure should be eradicated because this cannot continue like that. On the same time, in this second month of this war, we are concerned of what happens in the Gaza Strip. So we know that you have all the rights to defend yourself in the frames of the humanitarian international law, and the international law, but it's also important to have this humanitarian aid without allowing it to be abused by the people there.

And again, I want to express our full support for Israel and your people."

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Thank you, Prime Minister. You expressed very much our positions. We think that we're not only fighting our war, we think we're fighting the battle of civilization against barbarism.

If civilization doesn't prevail, barbarism will. That's what we see in the 21st century. This is not only our battle, it's your battle as well and I think you understand that very well.

We also are fighting an enemy, this most savage enemy that we have seen since the Holocaust, that commits a double war crime: not only deliberately targeting civilians but deliberately using their civilians as human shields. And while Israel is doing everything in its power to get the civilians out of harm's way, Hamas is doing everything in its power to keep them in harm's way, sometimes as gunpoint.

So we will act, and not only in our right of self-defense but in defending our common values and our future, but also in a way that minimizes civilian casualties.

And I thank you again for your steadfast support. Thank you."

Also participating in the meeting were the Director of the National Security Council, the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary, the Prime Minister's Foreign Policy Adviser, the Bulgarian Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister and both countries' ambassadors.
