Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start120223

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today: "In recent days we have once again seen the immense difference between the brutality of our enemies and the humanity of our people. Our enemies murder young children in Jerusalem and celebrate their murder while we are rescuing young children in Türkiye and praising their rescue. On behalf of the Government of Israel, I send our deepest condolences to the families of those who were murdered in the severe terrorist attack in Jerusalem last Friday: Yaakov-Yisrael Paley, 6, and his brother Asher, 8, and Alter-Shlomo Lederman, a young seminary student, 20, who was married only four months ago. We all pray for the well-being of those who were wounded, including the father of Yaakov and Asher, who remains hospitalized. I commend the action of the police officers who eliminated the terrorist at the scene and thereby prevented an even worse attack. Last night we sealed the terrorist's home and carried out arrests against his family and his close circle. This week, we will pass in the Knesset the proposal of MK Ofir Katz to revoke the citizenship of terrorists and expel them. I say it again because this is our policy: A proper response to terrorism is to strike at it forcefully and further deepen our roots in our land. Therefore, the Security Cabinet will convene today to prepare for a more wide-ranging operation those who carry out terrorism, and their supporters, in eastern Jerusalem and in Judea and Samaria, while avoiding – as much as possible – harm to those who are not involved. Also, today the Government will authorize the Security Cabinet to strengthen settlement in our land, which the terrorists are trying to uproot. I would like to express our support for the members of the Israeli rescue mission in Türkiye. They are doing sacred work. They are saving many lives and are showing the world the true face of the State of Israel. I would like to strongly criticize the calls to break the law, for civil rebellion, to intentionally harm the economy, and even use weapons, by those who oppose government policy. The government received the confidence of the people in democratic elections and received a clear mandate from the citizens of Israel. Nobody here can deny this. Neither can anyone deny the right to demonstrate. However, there cannot be calls to violence, to act violently, to call for civil rebellion, to compel people to strike who do not want to do so. This is forbidden. With all of the immense criticism that we had during the disengagement against a government that uprooted thousands of Jews from their homes and even from their graves - we did not shut down the country. We did not call for civil rebellion. We strongly condemned calls to shirk military service and any call to use weapons. Democracy is the rule of the majority not the rule of the gun. It is possible to argue and to have dialogue. It is possible to suggest alternatives, this is necessary, but red lines cannot be crossed. Red lines have been crossed in recent days by extremist elements that have one goal: To intentionally bring about anarchy. I am certain that the vast majority of the citizens of Israel, whether they support the reform or not, oppose this extremism and will not allow the country to fall into anarchy. I call on everyone to lower the tone and begin a substantive dialogue. We have one country and together we will safeguard it."
