Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-project100923

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening:

"A good week to you, citizens of Israel.

This evening, I am pleased to inform you some major news. Israel is at the focus of an unprecedented international project that will link infrastructure from Asia to Europe. This link will also realize a multi-year vision that will change the face of the Middle East, and Israel, and will affect the entire world. This vision starts in India, passes through the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Israel before reaching Europe.

I welcome the statement that was released today by the United States, India, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and the European Union, as well as France, Italy and Germany. They announced the launch of a pioneering initiative to develop an economic corridor from India, through the Middle East, to Europe. I am pleased to inform you, citizens of Israel, that our country, the State of Israel, will be a central junction in this economic corridor. Our railways and ports will open a new gateway from India, through the Middle East, to Europe, and back – from Europe to India via Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the UAE.

I would like to thank US President Biden and his administration for the major effort that has led us to today's historic announcement. Several months ago, the US contacted us regarding the realization of this historic opportunity. Since then, it has held urgent diplomatic contacts in order to bring about today's breakthrough.

Its vision reshapes the face of our region and allows a dream to become reality. The initiative includes the construction of railways, the laying of a hydrogen pipeline, the energy of the future, the laying of fiber optic communications cables, the laying of electricity cables and more infrastructure.

The State of Israel will contribute its capabilities, all of its experience, momentum and commitment, to realize the largest cooperation project in our history. All government ministries will be instructed to join in realizing this dream. I have directed the National Security Council, in the Prime Minister's Office, to coordinate the staff work and also the close cooperation with the US and other countries in order for this vision to become reality as soon as possible.

Today is a day of major news for all citizens of Israel, news that will lead us to a new, unique and unprecedented era of global and regional cooperation and involvement. Together we will succeed."
