Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start120323

Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today: "First, on behalf of myself and the entire Government, I would like to send condolences to our colleague Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Minister Yariv Levin, on the passing of his father, Prof. Aryeh Levin. I certainly do not need to remind you that his mother passed away only a few months ago. Prof. Levin was an Israel Prize laureate, a linguistics expert, a great researcher into the Arabic language. We know how deeply connected Yariv was to his father and we send our deepest condolences to him and to his family. On behalf of the Government of Israel, I would like to convey our prayers for the recovery of those who were wounded in the severe shooting attack in Tel Aviv last Thursday evening. I salute the police volunteer and the soldiers who eliminated the terrorist. I have instructed that his home be demolished. We have arrested the terrorist's father, together with others who were involved in this severe attack, and we will deal with them to the fullest extent of the law. I would also like to commend the Golani Brigade Reconnaissance Unit soldiers who eliminated three terrorists in Samaria last night. As we can all see, our forces are in action around the clock against our enemies. The main point is simple: Those who try to attack us will pay the price. This morning I returned from an important diplomatic visit to Italy as part of our policy to formulate a stronger and – to the extent that it is possible – more unified position among western countries against the Iranian nuclear program. In addition to the Iranian issue, I spoke with Italian Prime Minister Meloni about strengthening the pro-Israeli circle in the EU, changing Italy's votes at the UN and in international institutions, the export of Israeli gas to Italy and on to Europe, and other significant economic projects. We will advance all of these during the Italian government's visit to Israel in the coming months. We also agreed about this during the visit. During the visit, I met with dozens of heads of leading Italian companies. While none of them spoke about the judicial reform, all of them, without exception, spoke with me about investing in Israel, about increasing investments in Israel and about strengthening cooperation with the Israeli economy." "When I was in Europe and turned on the television, the first headline was the collapse of the Silicon Valley Bank due to its effect on the high-tech world. It affects many countries, including – of course – Israel. I hope that people have not invested according to the advice of panicky managers in the Israeli media because whoever did so, did not do the right thing economically. But we – of course – cannot ignore the collapse of this bank. Today I will consider – with the Finance and Economy ministers, and the Governor of the Bank of Israel – whether or not actions are necessary to assist Israeli companies in distress, mainly with cash-flow, due to the collapse of the Silicon Valley Bank. Of course, we are obligated to protect our companies, the main activity of which is – and will remain – in Israel, as well as their employees. But what has been proven here again is that the Israeli economy that we have built here in the last 20 years is one of the most secure and stable economies in the world."
