Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start300423

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today :

"We are now coming out of the remembrance days and Independence Day, which are sacred days for us all. This is the opportunity to say a word of appreciation to you, Miri, for the very emotional ceremony. We have seen how on these days and in these ceremonies, the people of Israel unite around the things that are sacred to it, the national symbols that we all share. We have one country and it is dear and important to all citizens of Israel.

There is also a fundamental debate among us on the judicial reform; however, we are making every effort to resolve this debate through dialogue. With goodwill by both sides, I am convinced that it is possible to reach agreements – and I give this my full backing.

The government is continuing to move forward in all areas. Tomorrow, we will open the Knesset summer session. After the government approves the state budget, the Knesset will approve it. This is a bi-annual budget and it comes together with the Arrangements Law. Together, the two of them will lead to economic stability and will launch the economy forward to new achievements.

It is precisely during days of economic slowdown and global inflation that Israel can – and needs to – leap forward. We did this during the coronavirus. We did so during previous global economic slowdowns. And we will do so this time as well. We will bring economic stability. We will expand competition. We will bring in international retail chains to lower prices.

At all times, of course, we will maintain security. We will not allow Iran to tighten a ring of terrorism around us to strangle us. We are taking action on this matter around the clock, at all times, even now, and we will continue to take both offensive and defensive action against Iranian aggression and that of its terrorist proxies.

Moreover, we will establish the national guard. This is a revolution. Together with passing a budget with billions of shekels to add thousands of police officers, all to restore the personal security for every Israeli citizen, including in the Arab sector.

Of course, there is great and varied activity taking place around this table by the ministers, each in their field, in fields that affect the lives of all Israelis. At the upcoming government meetings, I will ask the ministers to present their ministries' main goals and update us on the progress in achieving them. We are opening the Knesset summer session and we are going to work very hard for the citizens of Israel."
