Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-communication110623

Today, the relevant government ministries approved an agreed-upon outline that will allow the laying of fiber-optic cables and the creation of an international communications corridor along the Europe Asia Pipeline Co. (EAPC) pipeline between Eilat and Ashkelon.

This will provide an international communications corridor for the transmission of digital data between Asian countries, especially Abraham Accords countries, to Europe and the West – via Israel, which will be connected to the world.

Prime Minister Netanyahu [translated from Hebrew]:

"Today we are reaping more fruit of the historic Abraham Accords that we brought. We will connect fiber optic cables from Asia, Arab nations, from Eilat to Ashkelon and the rest of the world. This will attract investors and turn Israel into a global communications center. This will jump-start the Israeli economy. Communications Minister Shlomo Karhi, thank you for leading this important effort."

Communications Minister Karhi [translated from Hebrew]:

"Thank you Mr. Prime Minister for your considerable investment, as well as that of Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley. This is certainly major news, mainly for the south and the cities of the periphery. In yesterday's Torah portion, we read [Numbers 13:17]:''Go up here into the Negev, and go up into the mountains.' Together with you we have already conquered the summit of this mountain and – with G-d's help – we will yet conquer more mountains."

Prime Minister Netanyahu and Communications Minister Karhi declared the connecting of international communications infrastructure via the EAPC oil pipeline. This historic effort will turn Israel into a digital and communications superpower, attract international investors, jump-start the Israeli economy and turn Israel into a global communications center.

The Spice Route was one of the most well-known and important trade routes of antiquity. It passed from the south of the Arabian peninsula to the Mediterranean Sea coast and was part of a network of trade routes between Europe and the east, along which were transported goods such as spices, silk, precious stones, dyes and exotic animals. Today, in the modern digital world, the products are information, knowledge and technology. We are again turning the State of Israel into the vital route of the world through which will pass knowledge and bits along fiber optic cables that will link Asia and Europe.

The effort, which is in continuation of the Abraham Accords, will lead to investments by international companies, the construction of server farms, the creation of jobs and more. Under the outline, the EAPC will allow all communications companies to use dark cables that it will lay, at an equal price, which will allow competition between communication companies on the one hand and create an international communications corridor on the other, and will jump-start the Israeli economy to new peaks.
