Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-living130723

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, chaired a meeting of the Ministerial Committee on the Fight against the Cost of Living. At the start of the meeting, Economy and Industry Minister Nir Barkat presented the legislation to change the Israeli import system to the European system regarding standards, which will obviate a considerable part of the processes necessary to import products under the responsibility of the Economy and Industry Ministry. It was also agreed that at the Committee's next discussion, Health Ministry Director General Moshe Bar Siman Tov will present the steps the Health Ministry is taking to adapt the importation of products under its responsibility to the European standard. Bank of Israel Governor Prof. Amir Yaron then presented data on the credit situation and competition in the banking industry, as well as the joint effort with the Justice and Finance ministries to advance the securitization law. The Governor noted a series of efforts that have been taken recently to advance increased competition in the banking system, such as open banking, one-touch banking, mortgage reform, transparency and comparison of deposits. Governor Yaron detailed the effort to establish credit databases for small and medium businesses. Prime Minister Netanyahu and the ministers said that the latter was important and could significantly lower credit costs for many businesses and added that the database should be established as quickly as possible. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the conclusion of the meeting [translated from Hebrew]: "The Ministerial Committee on the Fight against the Cost of Living meets on a weekly basis. Within a week, the Economy and Industry Minister will submit a draft law – the legislative process will start immediately – to facilitate the importation of many more consumer products from Europe without any bureaucratic barriers in Israel. What is good for Europe, is good for Israel. Next week, the Health Ministry Director General will introduce a similar procedure for food and cosmetic products according to the same principle – what is good for Europe, is good for Israel. Also, we heard a thorough briefing from the Governor of the Bank of Israel on a series of steps that are being taken to increase competition and transparency in the banking and credit sector for the citizens of Israel. These are welcome steps. He was requested by the ministers the request to speed up these processes in order to truly increase maximum competition in a sector that is very important for all households in Israel."
