Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-budget230223

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting on the 2023-2024 state budget, today: "We have a clear policy: To strike at terrorism forcefully and to deepen our roots in our land. In response to the firing of rockets at our territory, IDF fighter jets attacked Hamas terrorist targets in the Gaza Strip this morning. Yesterday, in an IDF-ISA-Israel National Counter-Terrorism Unit combined operation, three terrorists were targeted in the Nablus souk, as well as additional terrorists who fired at our forces. These terrorists shot and murdered Staff Sergeant Ido Baruch last October and they were about to carry out additional attacks against us. We always say that we will settle accounts with those who attack Israeli civilians and IDF solders, and we have done so again. I would like to commend the ISA and IDF Intelligence for the precise intelligence, and to thank the soldiers who acted with heroism and confidence under fire. We will continue to take strong action on all fronts, near and far, in order to thwart our enemies' efforts to attack us. Whoever tries to harm us – will pay the price. Today, the Government will discuss the 2023-2024 state budget and – later – the Arrangements Law that will come with it. We are jumping Israel forward in all areas, in all ministries. This morning, I will note only a few of these areas. We will also deal with them later on, of course. First of all, security. Last night, agreement was achieved on a multi-year plan for the security establishment and the IDF. This agreement, which is of unparalleled importance, was achieved by Defense Minister Yoav Gallant and Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich with a little help from me. There is major news here. First and foremost, we are ensuring the continued our strengthening and equipping against Iran and other enemies over the coming years. This is of supreme national importance. Also, the plan changes the terms of service and the remuneration for service. On the one hand, it gives proper economic compensation to soldiers and officers, while on the other hand it shortens service in order to reduce the time for entering the labor market. This is an immense change for the security of Israel and for the economy. Second, personal security. We are making an unprecedented investment in the security of the citizens of Israel. Together with Minister Ben-Gvir and the Finance Minister, who answered the call, we are adding thousands of officers to the Israel Police and are doing something which has not been done – we are establishing a national guard. We are adding tools and police stations. We are doing this pursuant to our promise to restore governance to the State of Israel – to the Negev, the Galilee, to Israel's cities and to the highways. There is a major leap here in personnel and the tools we will use for this purpose. We promised to do this and we are doing it. Third, together with Transportation Minister Miri Regev and the Finance Minister, we are enacting a transportation revolution, which is – first of all – a social revolution. We will allocate major sums to planning a network of fast railways of hundreds of kilometers an hour in order to join the State of Israel from Kiryat Shemona to Eilat. The citizens of Israel will be able to live in what is termed 'the periphery' and reach the center of the country, the central station in Tel Aviv, in an hour. Just as we presented an economic vision and the State of Israel's semi-socialist economy into a free market economy, we are presenting today a vision that will cancel – once and for all – the idea of a periphery in the State of Israel. We have already done much. You need only to visit Or Akiva, Kiryat Gat, Yokneam, Beit Shean or Sderot. We are going much further here. We are truly going from Dan to Eilat. We will join here a main transportation artery that will also link up with lateral transportation arteries, to change the State of Israel. It will simply look different. It will take several years but we here are, in effect, launching something that will change the face of the State of Israel, and only for the better. Additionally, we will increase the supply of housing by – among other things – providing incentives to local authorities to prioritize housing projects. We are doing this with the Housing Minister and with other ministers. We are taking significant steps to promote competition and reduce cartelization in the economy, such as in food and agriculture, banking, insurance and the motor vehicle market. We will implement a long series of steps to reduce bureaucracy and regulation for the business and public sectors. We will also make the public sector more efficient by reducing pressure on the health system and advancing digitization in government ministries. We are going to do major things in education together with Education Minister Yoav Kisch, including a promise that we made to begin a plan for free education from 0 to 3. This is very major news. Here as well, we promised and we are carrying it out. We will also have the 'from uniforms to studies' program; IDF soldiers safeguard us and we will safeguard and ensure their futures. There are many other areas that will become in subsequent discussions and also with the Arrangements Law later on. I would like to thank Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich, who has worked night and day. I would also like to thank the people at his ministry, and government ministers and their teams, for the cooperation to benefit all citizens of Israel. I would like to make some additional remarks. There are those who are trying to undermine the Israeli economy and who are trying to create hysteria for political reasons, a hysteria that has no bearing on reality. The Israeli economy is strong and it will continue to strengthen, thanks to our strength, thanks to the independence of the Bank of Israel, which will be maintained, and thanks to the responsible economic policy and to the initiatives that we are leading. Those who are sowing hysteria and fear – will be proven wrong. I say this as someone who has passed over 15 state budgets, more than is customary in most democracies around the world. I tell you that this is a responsible and comprehensive budget that will jump our economy forward and fight the cost-of-living. The Israeli economy is strong thanks to the free market revolution that we enacted some years ago and thanks to the fact that we recently imported millions of vaccines to the State of Israel that pulled Israel out of the coronavirus – which was also an economic crisis – first in the world. During the coronavirus, we implemented a daring economic plan that was also ahead of most countries; therefore, the macro data for the Israeli economy are among the best that I remember. You will shortly hear about the data from the Finance Minister and the Governor of the Bank of Israel but I would like to tell you that it seems we are looking at a deficit of one percent. I do not remember such a thing in all my years here as prime minister or finance minister. This is a good sign of what is to come. We did the right thing then and we will do the right thing today as well. Today, the Israeli economy is one of the leading economies in the world. This budget and the Arrangements Law that will follow in its wake will ensure that this trend continues."
