Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-phone100823

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, yesterday, spoke by telephone with bereaved mother Hagit Rhein, after they heard her moving remarks at the memorial ceremony for her late son, Major Benaya Rhein, in which she spoke against refusal to serve in the IDF and called for unity in the nation.

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the conversation:

"Hagit, we were very moved by your truly convincing remarks on the struggle against refusal to serve, which is, in effect, a struggle for the existence of our state, and who but you could say these things with power and from the depths of your soul.

We want to tell you that many among the Israeli people are with you and want you to continue. This is important to us all and to the future of our country."

Hagit Rhein to the Prime Minister and his wife:

"First of all, I am moved that you and your wife have called me and I agree with every word.

Thank you for the support because I am not one who seeks publicity and the media. It was very difficult for me but I felt that it was simply from my heart. Every year in the cemetery, I tell Benaya what has happened to me over the past year and this year this is what has happened to me, and I needed to tell him.

I did not think that this would go public. It does not bother me that it has because I am constantly active on this with the Chief-of-Staff. I do this directly all the time.

I do not want to bother you so I do not appeal to you but I do this all the time because I think that it is simply in our blood and in our souls.

I think that Benaya and his friends are near the heavenly throne and they can ask the Almighty that it could be quiet here again and that we could all continue to be like brothers, even if we do not agree, and this is OK. We are all brothers and we have a common external – not domestic – enemy."

Sara Netanyahu:

"Hagit, you have greatly moved me. I must tell you that I genuinely agree with every word you said. I think that Benaya is certainly proud of his mother, like you are certainly proud of him. We have all heard about him."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"I wanted to tell you two things: First, that you will never bother me and you can turn to me whenever you like. Second, you are a very brave woman and it is, perhaps the most important trait in the end.

This means that integrity and courage in the face of denigration and lies and other things. Your courage is exemplary. We wish you and Shimon and the entire family all the best in the world and we will always remember Benaya."
