Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-yamam120723

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir and Israel Police Inspector General Yaakov Shabtai, today, at Mishmar Ayalon, visited the Israel National Counter-Terrorism (INCT) Unit of the Israel Police.

The Prime Minister received a security briefing on the operational activity of the INCT Unit in the recent action in Jenin and in the recent period in general. He was also presented with the equipment, capabilities, and advanced and classified developments of the INCT Unit.

At the conclusion of the visit, Prime Minister Netanyahu awarded citations to the INCT Unit and to the operational unit of the ISA, for their sophisticated, daring and creative operations in 2022-2023 and for their contribution to thwarting terrorism and defending the citizens of Israel in Judea and Samaria.

Prime Minister Netanyahu [translated from Hebrew]:

"I am pleased to be here with the National Security Minister and the Israel Police Inspector General. I come here every few years and am impressed every time by the progress, commitment, professionalism – and results.

In the six months since I became Prime Minister again, you have carried out dozens of counter-terrorist actions, as in the previous year, and there is no doubt about it. I just saw presentations together with the National Security Minister of your counter-terrorist actions, which were exemplary. 1) You eliminated the terrorists. 2) Very few non-combatants were harmed. 3) You did not injure yourselves. These are the first three things that we watch out for. You have very impressive achievements. Today I saw that you are continuing with considerable creativity, initiatives and originality, and you are always ahead of the enemy, and you do so in an amazing way.

You justify the decision that the government made – to define the INCT Unit as our national counter-terrorism unit. Each one of you here justifies this every hour of every day. I want to express appreciation and gratitude on behalf of the Government and citizens of Israel. Thank you very much.

On my last visit here, we had a photograph with the Unit, one of whom was the late Noam Raz. I would like to again express our participation in the family's sorrow, but also appreciation that there is one family in which everyone always watches out for the other. Thank you very much for this as well."

National Security Minister Ben-Gvir [translated from Hebrew]:

"The activity that you do is worthy of all admiration and appreciation. The entire people of Israel owe you an immense debt for the courageous activity that you carry out on a daily basis, and the many counter-terrorist actions that you carry out everywhere in the State of Israel. You are our heroes and we are committed to provide you with full backing for your activity. In the coming weeks, we will submit for Government approval a decision to strengthen the INCT Unit so that its personnel will be able to continue being first everywhere."

Accompanying the Prime Minister were his Chief of Staff Tzachi Braverman, his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil, outgoing Border Police Commander Amir Cohen, incoming Border Police Commander Barik Yitzhak and the Commander of the INCT Unit.
