Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start150123

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today: "I would like to commend the new faces at the Cabinet table: First of all, Cabinet Secretary Yossi Fuchs, esq., National Security Council Director, former minister Tzachi Hanegbi, and Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley. Today, the cabinet will complete a series of appointments and decisions to facilitate the continuation of routine activity. We will also open a discussion on the draft legislation to revoke the citizenship and the residency of terrorists who have received payments from the Palestinian Authority for their murderous actions against Israeli citizens. It cannot be that terrorists will continue to funds from Israeli citizens' tax payments and enjoy the additional benefits that citizenship confers on them. We will begin the discussion. I hope that we will finish it. If not, then next week. I would like to comment on something that is making headlines and state as follows: Several months ago there was a huge demonstration, the mother of all demonstrations. Millions of people went into the streets in order to vote in the elections. One of the main topics that they voted on was reforming the judicial system. In recent days, I have heard about an attempt to claim that the public did not know what it was voting for. Then here is a quote, one of many, from me and my colleagues during the election campaign. This is my quote: 'We will make the necessary changes in the judicial system, prudently and responsibly. We are going to change the system, to save it and not destroy it.' My colleagues and I, most of whom are here around this table said this countless times, and millions of citizens voted for the right-wing. They knew about the intention to enact a comprehensive reform of the judicial system. What's more, they demanded it from us. Everyone who was at our election rallies, in city centers and in neighborhoods, heard the voices rising from the crowds. There are also many who did not vote for us who knew and agreed that it was necessary to make fundamental changes in the judicial system. And indeed, this call has been made over the years, from a long series of government ministers from across the political spectrum, including from the late Tommy Lapid, the late Yaakov Ne'eman, Chaim Ramon, Daniel Friedman and many others. Words to this effect have been uttered by both right-wing and left-wing governments, and nobody thought then that it was the 'end of democracy.' The truth of the matter is what we are seeking to do will restore the balance between the authorities that existed in Israel for 50 years, and which is maintained today in all western democracies. Therefore, there needs to be a substantive, in-depth and serious dialogue in the [Ministerial] Committee on Legislation and in the Knesset, Constitution, Law and Justice Committee. We cannot be swept away by inflammatory slogans about civil war and the destruction of the state. I am convinced that following the important and in-depth dialogue in the Knesset, Constitution, Law and Justice Committee, we will complete the reform legislation in a way that will correct what is necessary, will fully protect individual rights and restore public confidence in the judicial system, which needs this reform so much. On a personal note, I would like to say a few words about my good friend, the world-class historian Paul Johnson, who passed away on Friday. He was an English historian who wrote and edited 50 volumes of history and other books. He was also a great friend of the State of Israel, and wrote one of his most important books about the Jewish People and its state. I met him a short while after my brother Yoni fell during Operation Yonatan at Entebbe. He came to a conference that we held here in Jerusalem, against international terrorism, and astounded all his listeners with his strong and sharp remarks, about the threat to western culture and the principles of freedom. It was hard to find anyone who wrote in-depth, with such clarity, on those subjects. When you read a book by Paul Johnson, you were drawn in from the first sentence to the last. I have lost a great friend and I think that those who support the free world have lost one the greatest intellectuals that we have had in the last half-century. We will send a special message to his family. I would like to say a few words about the passing of Rabbi Shimon Badani, a public leader and one of the leading rabbis in the State of Israel. He was a very great personality, a very great teacher and spiritual leader that many people knew and in whose path they followed. I know how difficult his passing was. I know how difficult it was for his family and the many who knew him, who are sitting around this table."
