Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start170723

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks [translated from Hebrew] at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today: "I would like to thank the many citizens, leaders from around the world and also leaders from across the political spectrum in Israel, for their expressions of concern and kind words. I thank them all; I feel fine. Our fight against terrorism is constant. I commend the security forces for their quick action yesterday – within a few hours, they came and arrested the terrorist who perpetrated the shooting attack near Tekoa. I wish a swift and full recovery to the Kapach family. Just as we promised, whoever hurts us goes to one of two places – prison or the grave. The Government will approve an unprecedented plan in the fight against the destruction of antiquities at heritage sites in Judea and Samaria. In every corner of Judea and Samaria, one need only to put spade to ground in order to uncover archaeological finds that attest to our deep roots in the Land of Israel. These are our roots and this is our land. The Government will invest a significant budget in enforcement, and in protecting heritage sites in Judea and Samaria, including the use of cameras and drones. We will invest an additional NIS 17 million in developing infrastructure and rehabilitating archaeological sites that have been damaged by the Palestinians; I regret that there are more than a few of these. This plan will encourage tourism, education and information for those important sites that tell the story of our people in Judea and Samaria. I would like to thank Minister Amichai Eliyahu and Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich for this important effort, which we all share in and support. I hear the voices of the public; I am attentive to them. We are all concerned about the future of our state. We all carry our flag with pride. We are all fighting to keep Israel as a Jewish and democratic country and we all know that we have no other country. However, we disagree on how to do this and it is exactly for this reason that we held elections. I say here and now: The State of Israel is, and will always be, a democratic state. To all those who brandish the flag of democracy, I would like to say a few words about democracy: In a democracy, the military is subject to the elected government and not the opposite, whereas in a military regime, the government is subordinate to the military, or to be more precise, a group within the military. This is the fundamental difference between a democracy and a military regime. The incitement to refusal to serve and refusal to serve itself are contrary to democracy and contrary to law. This is true in every democracy but in ours, incitement to refusal to serve and refusal to serve directly endanger the security of all citizens of Israel. They gnaw away at the deterrence of our enemies that could easily develop into aggression against us and they undermine discipline within the military, which is the foundation of the military's existence in the first place. It cannot be that there will be a group within the military that threatens the elected government: 'If you do not do what we want, we will shut the switch on security' just as it cannot be that employees at Israel Electric Corp or Mekorot would threaten the Government that if we do not legislate like they want, they will make the country go dark and prevent the citizens of Israel from drinking water. No democratic country would accept such diktat; such diktat is the end of democracy. It is precisely those who brandish the flag of democracy who need to be the first to come out against this phenomenon. I reiterate: Refusal to serve endangers the security of every citizen of Israel. The Government will not accept refusal to serve. The Government will take action against it and take all necessary steps to ensure our security and our future."
