Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-officers280623

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks, today, at the IDF Officers Course Graduation Ceremony, at IDF Training Base #1:

"We prove to our enemies, almost on a daily basis, that we are determined to change the equation of forces with the terrorist organizations and other enemies. We did so in Operation Guardians of the Walls in which we set Hamas back a decade, in Operation Shield and Arrow in which we targeted the Islamic Jihad leadership and a week ago on the outskirts of Jenin, when we used UAVs to target a terrorist cell that was about to perpetrate an attack.

We will continue to strike at our enemies. We will continue to be victorious, with your help. Our guiding principle cannot be clearer: Whoever tries to harm us will not escape a crushing response. We will harm whoever tries to harm us and we will defeat them. No terrorist, and no one who dispatches terrorists, will be able to hide for long. Our forces reach deep, into the terrorists' nests and strike at the terrorists.

Our policy of changing the equation is relevant and applicable in wider circles as well. Whoever decides to test us, inside Israel's borders and beyond, will bring destruction on himself. We will not hesitate to use force and, if necessary, to strike the enemy's center of gravity.

It is important for me to emphasize, especially now, that our enemies do not differentiate between this or that camp, between the Right and the Left, between the secular and the religious or the ultra-orthodox. Neither do they differentiate between Jews and non-Jews. As far as they are concerned, we are all targets; moreover, targets for destruction. Therefore, we must all stand together in order to defend our country.

There are no grounds for refusal to serve, on any side, nor will there be. We have one country, one army and one home. We will stand guard over our home like brothers and sisters, and if the day comes, we will stand behind the flag united, and be determined like an iron fist."
