Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start270923

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today "I would like to thank all of you for the responses and the support for the visit and for the speech at the UN. I thank the many citizens of Israel and supporters of Israel around the world. Today, the Government will restore what has been called the 'Shamir stipends' to encourage the return of Israeli scientists from abroad. We started this in the previous decade, and much moreso in 2020. I regret that the previous government cancelled this, but today we are restoring it. Of course, this is an additional step that we are taking to strengthen the Israeli economy, science and high-tech. Regarding the visit, this was a very successful diplomatic visit that will enable us to strengthen existing ties with familiar countries and to develop ties with many other countries that may be less familiar. I met with close to 20 leaders, from North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Pacific and Caribbean islands. I must say that there were more requests for meetings than the schedule allowed. Among these were familiar countries such as Germany, Ukraine, Türkiye, South Korea; about these perhaps we will discuss separately in other forums because there is tremendous desire here for increased cooperation with the State of Israel. If they spoke about a diplomatic tsunami, I tell you that there is a diplomatic tsunami. It is positive and it is the aspiration to enhance relations with Israel, to cooperate with it because of our growing strength in many areas, such as security, technology, cyber and artificial intelligence. These are very important items. Also, I can tell you that during the visit, two countries announced the transfer of their embassies from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem – Paraguay and [the Democratic Republic of] Congo. I can also tell you that I estimate, reliably, that additional countries will do so in the future. Again, all of this attests to Israel's strong position in the international arena. Of course, I had a very important meeting with President Biden, in which we mainly focused on expanding the circle of peace. The conversation was due to take place for a few minutes in a small forum and then in an expanded one. What happened was that the conversation continued for an entire hour, privately. The conversation was good and very friendly, between two people who have known each other for many years. The focus – of course – was on expanding the circle of peace toward an agreement with Saudi Arabia. I would like to clarify something. Throughout this important dialogue, things are happening. You are seeing things that could not even be imagined several years ago. Yesterday, an Israeli minister – our colleague Haim Katz – landed in Saudi Arabia, and there will be additional visits soon. We have been flying over Saudi Arabia for several years now, and we are talking about linking infrastructure. All of this sounds imaginary; it is not happening by itself. It Is happening because we needed to spend years fighting against the concept and convincing many of us, first of all, and then many of our friends, especially in the US, to bypass the Palestinian veto, which said that until we capitulated to the Palestinians' _diktat_, and achieved a peace agreement with the Palestinians – and we all understand what kind of an agreement we would receive, not peace – it would be impossible to break through to the Arab world. We needed to break through this. The second thing that we needed to do is to prove our determination and our strength in confronting the nuclearization of Iran and its aggression in the region. The third thing, of course, was to turn our economy into a free, attractive and technological economy. It was these three things that lead to the breakthrough of the Abraham Accords that we forged three years ago with four Arab countries. This also created the basis and paved the way to the future, which we are now working on. I would like to make it clear that we are committed to working to expand the circle of peace, to secure peace with Saudi Arabia. We will do so while scrupulously safeguarding the vital interests of the State of Israel, especially security. I again thank the government ministers, those in government service and the MKs who are assisting in this important effort, which is changing the face of the Middle East, changing history and is certainly changing the destiny of the State of Israel for the better. I mentioned artificial intelligence. I think that this is affecting all of humanity. It is already affecting our lives. It is affecting our security in ways that I cannot go into detail about, but everyone is seeing this in their own area, that you are using your devices in order to know what is happening. You go into Google and in a minute you receive much more knowledge than in an encyclopedia. You can reach any fact and any data in the world – this is using artificial intelligence. However, this is only the beginning, and this beginning is changing in a magnitude that can hardly be described. I say, for better and for worse. We must maximize the good and control – as much as possible – the negative consequences. We do not have a choice but to position Israel as a world leader in this field, just like we did in cyber. There are good and bad aspects in cyber as well, and we are working in both directions. Artificial intelligence is an area that is much stronger than cyber, immeasurably stronger than cyber, and we have set the goal of turning the State of Israel into the number three country in the world in this field, a very ambitious goal. To this end, for several months now I have been formulating a national plan, which I requested back in 2019, and it was stuck due to 'the national paralysis government' and the several elections. We are returning to it with renewed vigor. Soon I will appoint a project manager on the subject and I will also submit the national plan to the Government and the public. Also to this end, I met with one of the world's leading entrepreneurs in this field, and many others as well, very impressive people. I also spoke with them about the overall issue as well as the national strategy. Here I use the word national 'strategy' because the State of Israel needs to act according to it. I also think that these meetings were very beneficial in raising the standing of the State of Israel in the world's leading field. I started my UN speech, and I want to say that I am proud to have had the privilege of representing the State of Israel at the UN again. I have spoken there many times and this speech as well was broadcast on the main US news networks, CNN and Fox, but this was the first time that the speech of the Prime Minister of Israel and of mine was broadcast live in Saudi Arabia. 'This is a sign of the times.' Again, I would like to thank the Government ministers and those in Government service. Those who were there and those who stayed here, there are several of these. I would also like to thank you for your continuing support. In my UN speech, I spoke about the blessing and the curse, about the great opportunities facing us, and about the not simple challenges that we are facing. I expressed my hope that we will choose the blessing and not the curse. I am convinced that this is what we will do. Of course, this requires an effort to reduce the friction – and increase the unity – among us. This is what I wish for us in the New Year; may we all be inscribed for good."
