Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-meeting151123

Prime Minister Netanyahu on Turkish President Erdogan: "He calls Israel a terrorist state, but actually supports the terror state of Hamas, has himself bombed Turkish villages inside Turkey itself. So, we're not going to get any lectures from them."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Kirya in Tel Aviv, met with Samaritan's Purse President and CEO Franklin Graham, and thanked him for coming to Israel on a solidarity visit.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"The fact that you're coming here, standing with Israel in Israel is mightily important and gives us a lot of strength, a lot of encouragement. I have to say that the world today appears to be divided by two forces: those who support Israel and its just fight against Hamas terrorism, and those who support Hamas terrorism.

I think, Reverend Graham, with your so many followers around the world, understand that Israel is fighting a just war, fighting according to international law, trying to minimize civilian casualties, root out the terrorists. And I think that's our common battle, the battle of civilization against barbarism.

I have to say that, by contrast, you know, there are forces that support the terrorists. And one of them is President Erdogan of Turkey, who calls Israel a terrorist state, but actually supports the terror state of Hamas, has himself bombed Turkish villages inside Turkey itself. So, we're not going to get any lectures from them.

We stand with those who stand for justice and truth, like Reverend Graham, our many Christian friends around the world, but also so many others. We saw that yesterday in a mass demonstration in Washington of Jewish leaders and non-Jewish leaders – leaders of the Senate, leaders of the House. They stood for Israel. They stood for truth. They stood for justice. That's the forces of civilization that will ultimately win the day."

Also participating in the meeting were the Strategic Affairs Minister, the National Security Council Director and the Prime Minister's Foreign Policy Adviser.
