Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-janine190623

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , at Rambam Hospital in Haifa, visited the soldiers who were wounded in this morning's operation in Jenin. The Prime Minister first visited three soldiers from the Border Police Judea and Samaria undercover unit, then a soldier from the canine unit, and finally Sgt. Aviya Tronekh from the Paratroop Corps Reconnaissance Unit.

Rambam Director Prof. Michael Halberthal and Trauma Unit head Dr. Hany Bahouth briefed Prime Minister Netanyahu on the status of the wounded and the medical care they have received.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also spoke with soldiers from the Border Police Judea and Samaria undercover unit, who told him about how the events of this morning unfolded.

Prime Minister Netanyahu made the following statement to the media at the conclusion of his visit:

"We are striking the terrorists with strength and determination. In recent months, we have eliminated and arrested a record number of terrorists, and this was the case during the operation in the Jenin area. Our forces eliminated several terrorists and arrested others. They were fired on from an ambush and acted in an exemplary manner.

I have just visited the wounded, very impressive people. It must be pointed out that they come from all walks of Israeli society, and this must be seen, a Druze soldier, an Ethiopian soldier and one who emigrated from Ukraine decades ago, alongside other soldiers. Simply put, it is moving to see them helping each other, shoulder to shoulder, and how they operated in the field in order to rescue their comrades.

This is our determination, our strength and our commitment to fight terrorism everywhere. We will continue to do so. When you meet these soldiers, you understand that the people of Israel and the State of Israel may certainly be proud.

I would also like to thank the doctors, the medical team, the nurses and the surgeons for the exceptional care they are giving our soldiers. This is part of the strength of Israeli society."
