Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-joint070123

Government Approves PM Netanyahu, Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich and Defense Minister Yoav Gallant's NIS 9 Billion Plan for Reservists; Among the Steps that will be implemented immediately are NIS 1.5 Billion in Grants, including NIS 200 Million in 'Re

Following is a joint announcement by the Prime Minister, the Finance Minister and the Defense Minister.

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "The reservists will receive the money without delay. They are true heroes. They left their homes to defend our home."

Finance Minister Smotrich: "As a society and a state, we proudly put as a top priority those who left everything and went to defend home – these are our reservists and their families."

Defense Minister Gallant: "The 'mobilized for reserve duty' plan tells reservists and their families: You are not alone."

The reservists' plan declared by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich and Defense Minister Yoav Gallant was approved by the Government today

The NIS 9 billion plan will be enacted in three phases. Under the current phase, NIS 1.5 billion has been allocated for across-the-board grants, and family grants for November-December, which could reach up to NIS 3,900 for combat reservists with families. Also approved were grants to parents of special-needs children, business consulting, increasing compensation for soldiers to a minimum of NIS 300 per day and an additional NIS 200 million in 'red path' compensation for self-employed reservists.

In the coming days, when the Government convenes to approve the 2024 state budget, the two additional phases will be enacted; the second phase will be enacted immediately after the 2024 state budget has been approved by the Government.

Among the items under the second phase are across-the-board and family grants for January, an alternative for unemployment compensation and unpaid leave, and maternity leave for partners, and family and emotional support.

Under the third phase are operational deployment and home front reserves grants, family leave, social indemnification for employers, expanded household economic grants, student tuition, recreational and consumer benefits for discharged soldiers, continued special compensation for those serving over 60 days and housing assistance.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Today, the Government will approve a major NIS 9 billion plan for grants and compensation to our reservists. The plan includes grants, discounts and benefits for reservists and their families – for partners and also for children, and for reservists who are self-employed. I say this because it is important for them to receive this support.

These grants for those serving in the reserves are the anchor of the amended budget that we will submit to the Government in the coming days. I have directed the Finance Minister and the Defense Minister not to wait until the budget is passed but to submit, today, for the Government to decide upon, budgetary resources that will allow the plan to be launched and enacted immediately.

I want the reservists to receive the money without delay. They are true heroes. They left their homes to defend our home. On behalf of all of us, I salute our wonderful soldiers who are safeguarding us all. I would like to thank the Finance Minister and the Defense Minister, who will go into details about the plan."

Finance Minister Smotrich:

"I think that this decision is among the most important that has been made in this room since the start of the war. It is an important security and moral decision. As a society and a state, we proudly put as a top priority those who left everything and went to defend home – these are our reservists and their families.

It must be recalled that a strong home front – this is fighting spirit. Who among us has not – in every conversation with a family – experienced the resilience, determination and strength. There is a saying that goes that the man in the tank wins but in the IDF it is especially prominent. There are weapons of war, planes and tanks, but there are people and they have determination, spirit, faith in the justice of the cause and patience. There has not been reserve duty as long as this in the history of the State of Israel, not even on Yom Kippur and this is the product of a great spirit and huge backing.

The State of Israel has placed its reserve soldiers and their families at the center and this is the anchor of the 2024 budget which we will yet submit this weekend.

We met the soldiers and the reservists, the family members and the children. We listened and we learned; many ideas were raised, from Government ministers as well, and for this I thank you all. A major part of the plan will happen immediately and certain components will happen later

The people of Israel will win together and fully back the soldiers in the field."

Defense Minister Gallant:

"Today, we are submitting a far-reaching plan for those serving in the reserves. We have hundreds of thousands of citizens who, at the start of the war, did not ask questions, went straight to the field, sometimes even before they were called up, and since then they have been in the south, the north, and in Judea and Samaria.

The reservists require three conditions: Clear missions, military resources to carry out the missions and fair compensation. The plan that we in the Government are approving today places reservists in the center and tells them and their families: You are not alone.

The reservists risk their lives and tell me on every visit to the field: We are here and we will continue to be here as long as necessary. The 'mobilized for reserve duty' plan sees to it that they will be able to concentrate on their mission, without needing to worry about their families and their work."
