Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start300723

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today:

"We are at the conclusion of the Knesset summer session and there is a lot to summarize. The government is advancing three main goals that will change the lives of all Israeli citizens:

The first revolution that we are leading is lowering the cost of living. We are putting an end to the absurd situation in which citizens of Israel pay more than citizens of Europe for the same products – merely because of excessive bureaucracy.

To this end, last week the Government made a basic decision to lower the cost of living: 'What is good in Europe, is good in Israel.' We are equalizing the Israeli standardization to the European model. This will allow the massive entry of new and cheaper brands and products that will enter from Europe to supermarket shelves in Israel. The market will expand, competition will increase and prices will go down.

Toward this same goal, during the current session, we passed – on its first reading – the 'Cancellation of the Status of the Exclusive Importer Law'.

During the next session, we will advance the 'Carrefour legislation', which will allow suppliers to directly import products to Israel from Europe.

I remind you that they have been talking about this for years and we are doing it in a few months. All of these efforts will lower the cost of living for the first time in decades.

I would like to thank Economy Minister Nir Barkat, Finance Minister Smotrich and all of the ministers who each week attended the meetings of the committee on lowering the cost of living, which I chair. I would also like to thank the MKs who joined in this legislative effort.

The second revolution that we are leading is in transportation. Previous governments under our leadership joined Israel together with railways, highways, interchanges and bridges. Everyone can see these changes.

By joining the periphery to the center, we have led a genuine social revolution. Today, we are completing the vision.

Today, we are launching the 'One Israel' project – to link the entire country with a fast railway from Kiryat Shemona to Eilat.

This project is underway with a NIS 100 billion multi-year budget. My vision is that every citizen in the country will be able to go to and from the center of the country, from anywhere in the state, in less than two hours.

In most cases, it will be less than one hour – and even less than that. No traffic jams, no air pollution no parking problems – comfortably and safely, a huge revolution.

I would like to thank the previous, energetic, Transportation Minister, Yisrael Katz, and the current, energetic, Transportation Minister, Miri Regev, and also the many other ministers who joined the effort in realizing this vision, which will change the face of the country.

In the future, we will be able to transport freight by rail from Eilat to our Mediterranean Sea ports, and we will also be able to link Israel by rail to Saudi Arabia and the Arabian Peninsula. We are working on this as well.

The third revolution that we are leading is in high-tech. Last week, we approved, in the Knesset, the 'Angels Law.'

This law is designed to jumpstart the Israeli high-tech industry. It will allow for a series of benefits, including postponing payment of capital gains taxes, tax credits for private investors, recognizing investments in stocks as recognized expenses and providing tax exemptions on interest for foreign investors.

I would like to thank Science and Innovation Minister Ofir Akunis and Knesset Finance Committee Chairman Moshe Gafni who, together, did very important work here, as well as the Finance Ministry and all of the other partners in this important effort.

At the same time, today, we are completing several important laws in the Knesset, even if the media does not refer to them, and there is no chance that it will. We are continuing to work energetically for all citizens of the country.

Among the laws that we will pass are:

The first law, by National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir: The Protection Law for the war on organized crime. The law includes minimum punishments of at least five years for the crime of 'protection'.

The second law, to defend the helpless, is by Coalition Chairman MK Ofir Katz. The law determines that whoever is convicted of abusing the helpless will be barred from working in kindergartens, with the elderly or with the disabled.

The third law, which is being advanced by Defense Minister Yoav Gallant, is an additional step in the Nefesh Achat reform. The law anchors the rights of physically and mentally wounded IDF personnel, and determines housing and vehicle benefits.

The fourth law, the electronic monitoring law, is an important step in the fight against violence toward women. I would like to thank Minister Ben-Gvir and Minister May Golan for completing the legislation on this important subject.

Members of the Government, just as we promised, we will utilize the summer recess to try and reach agreements among us. I hope that this time our outstretched hands will not be left in the air.

It is possible to reach agreements. We need to reach agreements and a large majority of the public understands this simple truth.

And regarding Nasrallah's threats from his bunker, we are not impressed. At the crucial moment, he will find us standing together, shoulder to shoulder. Even Nasrallah knows that it is worth neither his while, nor Lebanon's, to put us to the test."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"I allowed ministers, because we are at the end of the session, to raise several issues that we will deal with. Among these are items that will come up for decision here and in the Knesset today and in the coming days.

I would like to make it clear that the work is being carried out across the board by the government ministries, in all areas. We are working energetically even though I know that the attention of the public is being diverted, both naturally and unnaturally, far from the immense work that has been carried out here in recent months – to make our country even more advanced, more connected, more productive, and which is working for the benefit of all parts of the country, with transportation, energy, communications, housing, education and cultural infrastructure, and more.

But there is one topic on which we are working vigorously. Science and Innovation Minister Akunis reminded us about it – artificial intelligence.

I have not referred to it; I occasionally mention it. But it must be known regarding this infrastructure, which Minister Akunis spoke about, that we have added NIS 500 million in addition to what was already budgeted. But we are going much farther than this. We are going to add to this infrastructure levels, levels and levels because test at the moment is – who seizes the future.

Who seizes the future now? Whoever seizes the future and turns Israel – this is our plan – into one of the five world superpowers in artificial intelligence. Just as we did in cyber, so we will turn Israel not into a rising force among the nations, but a superpower among the nations. This is our plan.

We will not just provide relief for the cost of living, which we have lowered, and the transportation, housing, education and social welfare for the citizens of Israel – we want, and must, turn the State of Israel into a superpower among the nations in artificial intelligence. This is the future and we are going there."
