Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-czrepublic251023

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Kirya in Tel Aviv, met with Czech Republic Prime Minister Petr Fiala. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting:

"I’m very pleased to welcome you here. Czech Republic has been very, very strongly supportive of Israel throughout good times and dark times. This is our darkest hour and I appreciate the fact that you are standing here. Your support is invaluable and I welcome you to Israel.

I always say that standing with Israel, there’s only one thing better than that and that is standing in Israel. And that’s what you’re doing. Thank you."

Czech Prime Minister Fiala:

" Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. I came here in this difficult time to express our clear support and solidarity with Israel.

We had a plan to meet in Prague at October the 8th, but one day before, Hamas and Palestinian terrorist organizations started a barbaric terror. October 7th was the most tragic day for Israel and Jewish people for decades. One Czech citizen was also a victim of this act of terror.

The pictures and videos which we have seen are shocking, really shocking. These acts of violence have no place in our world. I want to make it very clear: Czech Republic stands with Israel, now and ever. And like 75 years ago, you can count on our voice and support.

I’m glad that Czech companies immediately supplied basic military equipment to Israel, specifically it was 3,000 pieces of ballistic plates and we have option to send more.

Israel has an absolute right to defend itself. Terrorists still have more than 200 hostages. I feel deeply with all families. The international community must push for their unconditional release.

Tomorrow I am going to Brussels to a European Council meeting, and my goal is to ensure that the Council confirms the strong support for Israel and its right to defend itself. Hamas is our common enemy. We must ensure that it is isolated. And it is on EU terror list for years and now we must act.

So, dear Prime Minister, Israel can count on Czech Republic. We are with you as we always have been."

Also participating in the meeting:

For the Israeli side: The Strategic Affairs Minister, the Director of the National Security Council, the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary, the Prime Minister's Foreign Policy Adviser and the Israeli Ambassador to the Czech Republic.

For the Czech side: The National Security Adviser, the Head of Military Intelligence, the Director General of the Prime Minister's Office, the Head of Media Relations and the Czech Ambassador to Israel.
