Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-soldier211123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , met with soldiers of the 8101 Reserve Battalion – the Alexandroni Brgade, which came off the line along the eastern section of the Lebanese border a few days ago.

The Prime Minister was briefed by Battalion Commander Lt.-Col. (Res.) Ma'ayan Feldman on the battalion's activity in the northern sector in recent weeks and heard from the commanders about their impressions and experiences regarding the mobilization of reserves for lengthy operational duty. The commanders shared the battalion's fighting spirit, will and commitment of all those serving to continue working for, and contributing to the security of the State of Israel.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu [translated from Hebrew]:

"I am here with Golani soldiers and commanders, with great spirit. They were just fighting in the north, are training here at Elyakim, and are going back. This is simply the spirit of a winning army. We are currently advancing on a very strong and pro-active defense in the north in order to achieve a crushing victory in the south.

The first goal is eliminating Hamas; we are not stopping until this is carried out. The second goal is the return of the hostages. I do not think that it is necessary to belabor the point, not even now, but I hope there will be good news soon. The third goal is to ensure that was in Gaza does not recur.

We want to restore security. We will work for, and achieve, the restoration of security in both the south and the north. The main tool that we have is the spirit of the people of Israel, which is expressed by the soldiers and commanders from all parts of Israeli society, and is simply very powerful. I want to salute you and tell you that we are continuing to victory. You have our heartfelt gratitude; tell your families."

Also participating in the visit were the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff, Tzachi Braverman, and the Prime Minister's Military Adviser, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil.
