Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start250623

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks [translated from Hebrew] at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today:

"First, I would like to congratulate our colleagues, Minister Miri Regev, on the marriage of her daughter, and Minister Shlomo Karei on the birth of a daughter. Your families are growing – with blessings.

In Operation Guardians of the Walls, we changed the equation with Hamas. We set it back a decade; Hamas has not fired a single rocket from Gaza at Israeli territory for several years. In Operation Shield and Arrow, we changed the equation with Islamic Jihad when we targeted its leadership in Gaza.

Last week, we changed the equation again, this time against the terrorists in Judea and Samaria. The IDF and the security forces used a UAV to target terrorists in Jenin and this a sign of what is to come. We are taking a vigorous policy that allows the IDF to use all the tools at our disposal to defend the security of the citizens of Israel. I give full backing to our security forces, to our soldiers, who are doing excellent work.

For years I have been saying that the proper response to terrorism is to fight the terrorists and – at the same time – to deepen our roots in our country. Indeed, we have been targeting a record number of terrorists and also building in our country on a broad scale according to approved construction plans. I emphasize – approved.

Calls to grab land illegally and actions of grabbing land illegally, are unacceptable to me. They undermine law and order in Judea and Samaria and must stop immediately. Not only will we not back such actions, our government will take strong action against them.

These calls and actions do not strengthen settlement – on the contrary, they hurt it. I say this as someone who doubled settlement in Judea and Samaria despite great and unprecedented international pressure to carry out withdrawals that I have not carried out and will not carry out. These calls hurt the vital interests of the State of Israel and they must stop immediately.

Last week, I convened the Ministerial Committee on Fighting the Cost of Living. We made important decisions – to get rid of the impediments to importing products that meet the European standard. Our guiding principle is simple: What is good for Europe – is good for the State of Israel.

This means that soon citizens of Israel will be able to buy new brands and products from Europe at European prices – electrical products, food, cosmetics and in other fields as well, at much lower prices. This also puts pressure on the prices of products in the country, and this will certainly lower the cost of living.

In order to succeed in this mission, we will pass legislation to open the market to competition. We will allow parallel and open imports. We will reduce regulation. We will lift impediments and reduce customs.

We are dealing with the bureaucracy and the monopolies on a fundamental level; not Band-Aids and not aspirin – but fundamental treatment. I am certain that with methodical and focused efforts, we will succeed in lowering both prices and the cost of living."
