Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-romania171023

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office, met with Romanian Prime Minister Marcel Ciolacu.

The two leaders first held an expanded meeting. Participating from the Israeli side were the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff, the Prime Minister's Office Director General, the Prime Minister's Foreign Policy Adviser and the Israeli Ambassador to Romania. Participating for the Romanian side were the Defense Minister, the Foreign Minister, MP Silviu Vexler and the Romanian Ambassador to Israel.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Mr. Prime Minister, we very much appreciate your coming here to be with the people of Israel. You stand with Israel and you stand in Israel at the time of great turmoil. Romania has already been a friend of Israel but friends are tested in times of need. There is a need now for the support of all the European countries for Israel's just battle against these barbarians, these savages who broke every norm.

They are really the new Nazis. They murdered children, they beheaded young people, they burnt them alive, they raped and murdered women, they kidnapped old people, they murdered little children in front of their families and murdered the parents in front of their children. There was no mercy. There were death pits. There were killings of people who were hiding in attics. This is exactly like Babi Yar. It's as though Anne Frank comes back, the story. The horror is the same horror.

But we have today, unlike the Holocaust, we have a state and an army and a people that can fight back. We are not fighting just our war, we're fighting the war of all civilized countries and all civilized peoples. And just as the civilized world united in fighting the Nazis, united in fighting Daesh, ISIS, then the civilized world should unite behind Israel in fighting and eradicating Hamas.

I appreciate your solidarity in this time for this goal that serves our common civilization. We'll do everything in our power to assist the removal or the exit of your nationals from Gaza to the extent that is possible obviously.

The quest for peace in the Middle East is something we share. Such a peace will only be possible if this caliphate, this Daesh caliphate, is destroyed. Nobody can make peace with Daesh, nobody can make peace with Al Qaida and nobody could make peace with the Nazis. They have to be defeated. Then we have the peace."

Romanian Prime Minister Ciolacu :

"Mr. Prime Minister, first and foremost, we wanted to show you that friends show their solidarity in practice. This is why Romania is standing with Israel, today, here. Romanian society, Israelis in Romania and the Romanians in Israel are all crying about the situation, the horrible situation that the State of Israel is at as a result of the attack by the terrorist organization Hamas. We express our condolences for the people who lost their lives and unfortunately amongst the injured were also Romanians.

We condemn what has happened in Israel and also the terrorist organization Hamas which is acting the way it's acting with its means to reach its goals in such a savage way.

This is why the Romanian parliament was the first parliament in Europe to have, with both chambers, a commonly agreed statement in support of the State of Israel. This is why Romania is asking for the international community not only to act on the people who are being held hostages by the Hamas terrorist organization.

This is why, in accordance with humanitarian law, I told Prime Minister Netanyahu that Israel is in its full right to defend itself against such atrocities. I'm making an appeal also to the international community, to make sure they can support the opening of human corridors to make sure that the innocent are truly capable of being taken out of that situation."
