Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-gaza301123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, last night (Wednesday, 29 November 2023), at the Sdot Negev Regional Council building, held a lengthy and in-depth meeting with council heads from communities in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip, under its new name, the 'Tekuma Region.

Sdot Negev Regional Council Chairman Tamir Idan, Sderot Mayor Alon Davidi, Merhavim Regional Council Chairman Shai Hajaj, Eshkol Regional Council Chairman Gadi Yarkoni, Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council Acting Chairman Yossi Keren, Hof Ashkelon Regional Council Chairman Itamar Revivo and Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley.

Also participating in the meeting were representatives from the communities and kibbutzim who fought on the dark day of Saturday, October 7th, and who told of the heroism of the emergency squads.

Tekuma Authority Director Moshe Edri presented Prime Minister Netanyahu with the plan for rebuilding the communities in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip and thanked him for fully backing the work of the Authority, which was established at his direction.

The Prime Minister heard about residents' various needs and the existing responses. He said that the State of Israel is committed to settlement in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip, to rebuilding the kibbutzim that were attacked and to restoring security.

The council heads thanked the Prime Minister for visiting and commended him for his efforts to return all of the hostages and for his goal of bringing about a decisive victory over Hamas.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the council heads:

"On the first day, we declared that this was a war, not an operation or another round, but a war. This war has several goals. The first goal is the elimination of Hamas. The second goal is returning all of our hostages. The third goal is to ensure that after Hamas is eliminated, the Gaza Strip does not go back to being a threat to the State of Israel, to any part of the State of Israel.

We will not spare investments. I hear both the little things and the big things. There is a battle here with the bureaucracy and I am fighting it. I hear your cry. The Government ministries are working hard but there is much to improve. We will not rest just with rebuilding. We need to establish new communities."
