Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-commando221023

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the IDF Commando Brigade in the north. He was briefed by its commander, Col. Omer Cohen, and Malan unit commander, Lt.-Col. A, on the Brigade soldiers' fierce combat, during which they eliminated hundreds of terrorists and saved dozens of civilians, until achieving operational control of the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip in the first days of fighting. The Prime Minister was also briefed on the deployment of the Brigade in all sectors as well as on its operations in the southern and northern sectors and in Judea and Samaria.

At the conclusion of the visit, the commander and soldiers of the Brigade made it clear to Prime Minister Netanyahu that they were ready to continue fighting and defeat the enemy in all sectors thanks to their training and combat proficiency and the Brigade's weaponry and capabilities.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"You fought with exemplary heroism in Gaza. Your stories are very inspirational. I know that you lost comrades; this is very, very difficult but we are fighting for our lives, for our home. This is no exaggeration – this is war.

We are now in a double battle. One battle is to block them here. The second battle is to win a crushing victory that will erase Hamas. To this end, for the moment you are holding the line here. But there in the south as well, your comrades are ready for any mission. You are ready here and they are ready there.

What you are doing here and what I heard just now from your commanders is incredibly important. You are killing Hezbollah members who are trying to attack our front line. At the moment, I cannot tell you if Hezbollah will decide to fully enter the war or not. If Hezbollah decides to enter the war, it will wish for the Second Lebanon War; it will be making the mistake of its life. We will strike it with a force that it cannot even imagine, that will be destructive for it and for the Lebanese state. However, we are ready for any scenario. You are ready for any scenario.

You have shown heroism, fighting spirit and determination. With these, we will win a complete victory. I want to salute you. You are heroes. You are lions; you have fought – and you will fight – like lions. The entire people of Israel are behind you; the entire people of Israel salute you."
