Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-pena190923

PM Netanyahu, today , on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York, met with Paraguayan President Santiago Peña. Prime Minister Netanyahu welcomed the 75th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries and said that he would continue to lead a strategic change in Israel's relations with the countries of Latin America. He added that he intends to lead Israel-Paraguay relations during President Peña's tenure to new heights. The Prime Minister also emphasized that it was important that the friendly relations between the two countries also be expressed in Paraguay's support in international forums, and that Israel would be pleased to assist Paraguay in various fields, especially cyber. Paraguayan President Peña informed Prime Minister Netanyahu that it was his intention to return the Paraguayan Embassy to Jerusalem by the end of the year. At the same time, Israel will reopen its embassy in the Paraguayan capital of Asuncion. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I'm very happy to say that President Santiago Peña and I had a very productive discussion about upgrading the relations of Paraguay and Israel. The most important thing we're going to do right away is to reopen the Paraguayan Embassy in Jerusalem and to reopen the Israeli Embassy in Asuncion. We're going to do in the month of November alongside a general plan to lift up our relations in many ways. I welcome that opportunity and I congratulate both of us." Paraguayan President Peña: "Prime Minister, almost three years ago I visited Jerusalem. I was just a politician dreaming about a different Paraguay. I said to yourself in that meeting that Paraguay will reopen and will put the embassy where it belongs, in the city of Jerusalem. So I'm very proud, Mr. Prime Minister, to make this announcement and make it possible as soon as possible. Our history brought us together; the present brings us together; but the future will have us more closer that we've been ever before." Also attending the meeting were the Strategic Affairs Minister, the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff, the Director of the Mossad, the Director of the National Security Council, the Cabinet Secretary, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary, the Israeli Ambassador to the UN and the Prime Minister's Diplomatic Adviser. Attending for the Paraguayan side were the Foreign Minister, the Economy Minister and the Industry and Trade Minister.
