Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-statement-090523

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, issued the following statement: "Early this morning, the Israeli Defense Forces targeted three commanders of Palestinian Islamic Jihad, a terrorist organization based in Gaza. These terrorists were responsible for firing over 100 rockets at Israeli cities last week and for many terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians. Israel also targeted ten facilities in Gaza that were used by Palestinian Islamic Jihad to manufacture and store weapons. A week ago, after the rocket attacks against us, and after discussions with the defense minister and the IDF chief of staff, I authorized the targeting of these Palestinian Islamic Jihad terrorists. This morning's targeted strikes became possible after our intelligence agencies provided precise intelligence that allowed us to reach these mass murderers before they could launch additional terrorist attacks. As always, Israel tried to minimize civilian casualties, and the State of Israel regrets any harm caused to non-combatants. The difference between Israel and our enemies is that we make every effort to keep the enemies’ civilian population out of harm’s way, while our enemies make every effort to deliberately target our civilians. We mourn the loss of innocent lives; They celebrate the loss of innocent life. Every civilized country in the world should never forget the profound moral difference between Israel, a country that values life, and terrorist organizations that glorify death. Israel’s policy is clear: Those who seek to harm Israel will be harmed. Those who kill our citizens will pay a heavy price. And those who fire on our cities and civilians will be held responsible for their actions. It may take time, but Israel will ultimately reach these terrorists. No one should doubt Israel’s resolve to defend its citizens. If that is not clear today, it will become even clearer in the future. Israel will do whatever it has to do to protect our state and to protect our people. Israel’s policy is clear and our message to the terrorists is also clear: You can run. You can hide. But in the end, Israel will get you."
