Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-soldier131123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the men and women soldiers of the Caracal Battalion, at one of the assembly points near the Gaza Strip fence.

The Prime Minister was briefed on the activity of the battalion on Saturday October 7th and how the soldiers – led by their battalion commander and the commander of the Paran Brigade – fought in the communities of the area adjacent to the southern Gaza Strip. The Prime Minister heard how the battalion fought against dozens of terrorists and killed many, and said that, "This was an extraordinary achievement."

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the soldiers:

"An extraordinary achievement, truly amazing; there are no words. I think that what you have done here – you simply decided the battle here, men and women soldiers, with daring and extraordinary resourcefulness. Well done. This says a lot, to turn the tide from the worst situation imaginable, this says a lot.

This is also what we are doing now with the forces that are inside. This is neither an 'operation' nor a 'round' but a war to the end. It is important to me that you know this. This is not lip service, but from the heart and mind. If we do not finish them, it will come back.

What you did here was exemplary, simply exemplary. I am very impressed by the speed, the resourcefulness, the mobilization, the heroism and the decisiveness. You simply decided the battle here. This says it all. Well done."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"I have just come from the Bedouin Desert Patrol Battalion. You see there Jews and Bedouin fighting shoulder-to-shoulder, like you are fighting here, men and women soldiers shoulder-to-shoulder. This is amazing. This is how we win and proceed onward.

I am simply full of admiration for what you have done. This will be written about and noted for many years. You are young enough so that your children and grandchildren will also know this."

The Prime Minister was accompanied by his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil, 80th Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Itamar Ben-Chaim, Paran Brigade Commander Col. Shemer Raviv, Caracal Battalion Commander Lt.-Col. Or Ben-Yehudah, and several soldiers from the Battalion, including its tanks, were also present.
