Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start140523

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today :

Good morning.

Last night, we successfully concluded five days of fighting against the Islamic Jihad terrorist organization. Before starting the operation, the directive I gave, together with the Defense Minister, to the IDF and ISA amounted to two words: 'Initiative' and 'surprise'. I congratulated the IDF Chief-of-Staff and the Director of the ISA yesterday also with two words: 'Well done.' Indeed, the operation was perfect. With complete surprise and continuous initiative, we targeted the entire Islamic Jihad leadership in Gaza. We destroyed 17 Jihad command centers. We eliminated dozens of terrorists. We hit rocket and missile arsenals, took out anti-tank units, etc.

For two months, since the establishment of the government, I have reiterated: Whoever harms us or even tries to harm us – will pay the price. Today, the enemies of Israel in Gaza and far beyond Gaza, know that even if they try to hide, we can, and we will, always reach them. This awareness was significantly strengthened during Operation Shield and Arrow. We changed the equation.

I would like to thank the IDF commanders and soldiers, and the men and women of the ISA, for their important actions on defense and on offense. And to you, the citizens of Israel, especially the residents of the area around the Gaza Strip, thank you for your backing and your steadfast resilience, which enabled us to succeed in this important operation.

During the operation, including last night, I was in continuous contact with council heads in the area around the Gaza Strip in order to deal with problems regarding protection, replenishment and other areas. I would like to thank Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley for his dedicated work.

And from the security achievements to the government's achievements in other areas, for the full cooperation of all government ministers, I would like to thank you.

First, to the economic achievements. In one of the most challenging periods for the global economy in recent years, the international credit rating agency Standard & Poor's once again confirmed Israel's positive and high credit rating.

I say: This is a clear expression of confidence in the important and correct economic policy that we are leading. I congratulate Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich for this important achievement. This is no mere lip service. I think that the efforts we have made in recent months, which were very challenging in every respect, I think that this achievement deserves special notice; there is nothing like the markets having their say.

In the coming weeks, we will pass the state budget and the accompanying arrangements law in the Knesset in order to continue our efforts to strengthen the economy and to fight the cost of living. These efforts include encouraging competition and the fight against bureaucracy in order to lower prices. Last week, I visited one of the first of more than 50 branches of the international retail chain 'Carrefour' that has entered Israel. The chain plans to open 200 branches in Israel in which they will sell hundreds of European products. Now, thanks to our lifting of regulations, these products do not need to pass the unnecessary bureaucratic impediment of receiving an Israeli standard. What is good for Europe – is good for Israel. These steps will lead to the lowering of prices. I believe that the Israeli competitors will put up a fight in lowering prices on their part. There is no other choice; the market supports this. It is good for the consumer. It is good for all citizens of Israel.

I would like to commend Economy Minister Nir Barkat for overseeing this important achievement which we have been working on for years and have just now realized.

I would also like to commend Interior Minister Moshe Arbel for the pilot program that starts today in which Israeli citizens will be able to renew their passports at four major Population Authority offices around the country. We are thus starting to correct a fault of recent years in which citizens had to wait for months to receive an appointment. Yes, I know that there are still lines but we are on the road to a solution. This is a very important achievement and a necessary correction.

I would like to thank Minister Meir Porush for the efficient, professional and safe management of the celebrations at Mt. Meron. Congratulations Meir, on behalf of all of us and on behalf of many, many Israelis.

From the economic achievements and the war on bureaucracy, I would like to say a few words on achievements in the diplomatic sphere.

Last Thursday I met with the President of Cyprus. We agreed to continue building the alliance of democracies in the Eastern Mediterranean: Israel-Cyprus-Greece. We built this alliance several years ago and it has very important implications, especially regarding Israel's standing as a major energy power. The project that we focused on is the supply of Israeli gas to Europe via the pipeline from our gas field to a huge liquefaction facility that will be built in Cyprus. This link will jump the Israeli economy forward to new heights and will strengthen Israel's standing as an important international energy supplier. You know that Europe needs energy. It needs gas, and the efficient production of inexpensive gas from Israel to Europe. This will greatly strengthen Israel's standing.

Last week I also met with the new President of Kenya. We agreed to further strengthen the cooperation between us in all areas. This visit, like the opening of the Chadian Embassy in Israel expresses the importance that many African countries attribute to Israel, and the importance that Israel attributes to Africa. I would like to commend Foreign Minister Eli Cohen for resolving the crisis with Poland, for dedicating the new Israeli Embassy in Turkmenistan, for his successful visit to Ukraine and for additional important actions that we will describe in due time. These join the steps that we have already taken: We signed a free trade agreement with the United Arab Emirates and we opened direct flights over Oman.

I would like to tell all government ministers that the effort to deepen and expand the Abraham accords has not stopped even for a moment, including at present.

And from the achievements in foreign policy, the economy and security to another phenomenal achievement at the Eurovision: I would like to congratulate Noa Kirel for finishing a respectable third. Noa, for us you will always be number one. Congratulations! Thank you."
