Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-cyprus030923

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this afternoon , before departing for Cyprus:

"Iwould like to comment on this morning and I would also like to comment on this evening. This morning we discussed the massive infiltration of illegal workers from Africa. This is a tangible threat to the character and future of the State of Israel as a Jewish and democratic state.

In order to handle this, we have done two things. First, build a barrier to stop the massive migration. Second, deal with the infiltrators who have already entered the country.

Regarding the barrier, I insisted and in the end we built it, my governments, the fence along the Egyptian border, which has blocked, according to a cautious estimate, at least one million infiltrators. This problem is not over. Africa will double its population in the next 20 years. Israel has – thanks to the economic policy that I have led – become one of the richest countries in the world. Unfortunately, in Africa there is hunger and a lack of economic progress which could lead to another wave of infiltrators. Therefore, several weeks ago I directed that an eastern fence be built to thereby reinforce – first of all – the borders in order to ensure that we have a Jewish and democratic state.

Regarding those who have already entered, several tens of thousands, we have already expatriated 12,000, with incentives. What we did not do, which in my opinion would have caused us a disaster if we had accepted it, was accept the UN proposal that would have given citizenship to 16,000 infiltrators. This would have created a great magnet for millions of Africans to try to enter the State of Israel, and this would have undermined us.

This is not the solution. The solution is expatriation, voluntarily or by other means. Unfortunately, the court has not allowed us to take five such steps, including recently, the deposit law. I hope that we will be able to do this.

What happened yesterday in Tel Aviv crossed a red line. First of all, I send my wishes for a full recovery to the police officers who were injured. Today, at the special ministerial team that I established, we sought several quick measures, including the deportation of 1,000 supporters of the regime who participated in these disturbances. Of course, they have no claim to refugee status. They support this regime. If they support the regime so much, they would do well to return to their country of origin.

Now, regarding this trip. I am going to meet the leaders of Cyprus and Greece. I remind you that in 2016, we established the trilateral, eastern Mediterranean, alliance. This alliance has been a major success. It has led to a major improvement in economic relations, including in tourism, millions of Israelis have visited Greece and Cyprus up to now, has led to an improvement in security relations, and – of course – we are also discussing the energy issue.

On the issue of energy, there are decisions that we will have to make soon as a result of our having carried out another revolution, the extraction of natural gas from the sea. By the way, like with the fence, our political rivals also opposed this, as did professionals, but we insisted. This provides us not only with the natural gas needs of the State of Israel, but also the ability to produce for Europe. We have several routes for production.

In this meeting, I will concentrate on two of these routes, the eastern natural gas pipeline or a liquefaction plant in Cyprus, which would allow us to produce a massive amount of gas for Europe, which will also fill the state coffers.

These are the issues that are on the agenda."

Sara Netanyahu, on the issue of Yad Vashem:

"The truth is that I have not seen but only heard, and then I understood how fake news develops. Suddenly, I heard a story that was completely unknown to me. I would like to clarify the facts: I do not participate in organizing ceremonies. I have gone to the ceremony like always, for many years, at Yad Vashem on the eve of Holocaust Remembrance Day. What was, was. I heard Keren Peles; I did not know about her beforehand. I did not know about her afterward. There is no basis whatsoever to all the verbiage that I reprimanded someone. On the contrary, at the end of the ceremony, as we went down the row to shake hands, I shook her hand and complimented her. I said that her singing was moving, and by the way, that is the truth, she sang movingly and I have nothing else to say about it.

An entirely ordinary event, in which a singer – a good singer – appeared. I have no idea, and I did not know then or today if she participates in protests, yes or no. Really, I have no idea. Regardless, I complimented her that she sang movingly and moved all of us, myself included, and this certainly ends the matter that has been much ado about nothing."
