Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-altalena080623

Following is an excerpt from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks today , at the memorial ceremony for the fallen of the Altalena, at the Nahalat Yitzchak cemetery in Tel Aviv:

"I was delayed for a few minutes on my way here because I received a report from the Israel Police Inspector General, from National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir and from the Northern District Police Commander on the awful murder in Yafia. We are determined to restore law and order in the face of this violent crime. We will do whatever is necessary, including involving the ISA, to defeat this plague which is afflicting Israel's Arab citizens and, in the end, all of Israeli society.

We are gathering here, as we do every year, to remember the fallen of the Altalena. But I must say that the Altalena affair has returned to the headlines in recent months.

The internal debate in Israeli society on the issue of the judicial reform has led certain extremist elements to threaten to topple the state into anarchy.

Let it be clear: It is permitted to demonstrate in the State of Israel. It is permitted to protest. Indeed, most demonstrators are expressing their position in ways that are acceptable in democracies. However, in other instances, red lines and norms have been rudely trampled underfoot in violations of the law, disturbances, attacking public officials and in threatening the family members of public officials.

In a previous internal debate, on the evacuation of Gush Katif, prominent members of the camp that supported the disengagement praised the sinking of the Altalena.

Then, they hinted that a 'second Altalena' was necessary, with the intention being the trampling of their opponents.

Then I say today what I said then and what I have always said – there were no grounds for the first Altalena and there are no grounds for a second Altalena.

As Prime Minister of the state of the Jewish people, I always remember the lessons of the Altalena. Therefore, I have emphasized time and again that without giving in on just positions, I am ready for dialogue in order to exhaust the chances for reaching agreements. I added, and I add today: There can be no civil war. I have added another message, aimed at those in the region: Do not count on a civil war.

In democracies, there are differences of opinion but there will be no civil war because a civil war would be the end of the state."
