Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start110623

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks [translated from Hebrew] at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today: "First, I would like to refer to the murders in the Arab sector, which have become a blight on the country. A considerable part of this crime is the result of crime organizations that are embittering the lives of Israel's Arab citizens, sowing terror and fear in their communities, and running protection rackets that have become a plague for the country in general and not just the Arab sector. We are determined to fight this deplorable phenomenon, especially the head of the snake – the criminal organizations. To this end, today I will convene a special meeting of government ministries and the Attorney General's office in order to involve the ISA in a focused effort against the crime families. I remind you that the governments I have led have built 10 police stations in the Arab sector, which previously hardly had any stations. Pursuant to the same policy, our government has allocated huge budgets to the police in order hire thousands more officers and to establish the National Guard. But it will take time to establish, absorb and train these forces – and we do not have time. Therefore, I insist on bringing in the ISA immediately. I hear criticism by those who are saying 'That will not change anything' and by those who are saying 'It is too extreme a step.' I believe that is exactly the step that is required and the problems entailed by taking this step must be overcome. Only this way will we be able to reverse the trend quickly and provide a response to Israel's Arab citizens who are hoping for the restoration of law and order in their lives. Last Thursday, I spoke with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, who was on his way home from Saudi Arabia. We spoke at length about a series of topics, especially Iran. I expressed my appreciation to the Secretary of State for the intelligence and military cooperation between Israel and the US. I want you to know – this was no mere lip service; cooperation is currently at an all-time peak. I reiterated our consistent position, that returning to the nuclear agreement with Iran will not stop the Iranian nuclear program and will only enable Iran to channel funds to the terrorist organizations that it sponsors in the Middle East and around Israel's borders. I reiterated that no arrangement with Iran will be binding on Israel. With or without an agreement, we will continue to do whatever is necessary to defend the State of Israel. Today, the government will approve an unprecedented program of benefits for reservists. This is important news for the many Israeli citizens who make important contributions to the security of the state. Among the benefits are increased discounts on local property taxes, electricity discounts, participation in summer camps, consumer discounts and two academic credit points for student reservists. I thank Defense Minister Yoav Gallant for the plan, which all reservists will benefit from. I would like to say to the public, and most ministers know this: Last week, we held the first meeting of the ministerial committee on fighting the cost of living. We were briefed on the gaps in prices between Israel and Europe on a long list of products. Most of these gaps are unjustified. Almost all of these price gaps are the result of monopolies and bureaucracy, and sometimes a deliberate combination of monopolies and bureaucracy working together to thwart competition, which would lower prices for the citizens of Israel. In order to get rid of these obstacles, we will outline a comprehensive government plan to lower prices. I have also instructed ministers to prepare detailed working plans for their ministries. Every week, each ministry will present its specific action plan. This committee will reduce regulation, remove impediments, lower customs and break monopolies. I do not intend to dispense aspirin. We did not dispense aspirin when we turned Israel from a socialist economy into a free economy. My intention is to perform fundamental and thorough treatment on the Israeli economy in order to remove impediments to competition. Not only is this the only way to deal with the cost of living, it is also the way to jumpstart the Israeli economy forward to even higher peaks."
