Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-police291123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today (Wednesday, 29 November 2023), visited the former Sderot police station, after it was decided to demolish it following the infiltration of Hamas terrorists who barricaded themselves inside the structure on October 7th. The Prime Minister met, at the site, with police officers from the station, some of whom were wounded, and heard from them about the fierce battles they waged against the terrorists; he then laid a wreath on the demolished structure in memory of the police officers who fell in battle. Prime Minister Netanyahu continued on to the police building that has been dedicated in Sderot, where the commanders briefed him on the police action in repelling the Hamas terrorist assault. Prime Minister Netanyahu was accompanied by National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, Israel Police Inspector General Kobi Shabtai, Israel Police Southern District Commander Amir Cohen, Sderot Police Commander Dvir Arubas and Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley. Prime Minister Netanyahu to the police officers: "I am here with the National Security Minister, the Inspector General, and Amir and the heroic fighters who conducted an exemplary battle here in which they lost comrades. The police [station] behind us was demolished and we are building a new one, but this attests to what happened here. I heard the stories, the resourcefulness and the courage and mutual responsibility which is simply an example for the State of Israel. On behalf of the entire people of Israel and all citizens of Israel, I salute you; you are genuine heroes. Well done. The people of Israel owe you a great debt. We appreciate the work of the police, and their sacrifice, and that of the Border Police. You fought as both individuals and groups in the worst possible conditions, and proved yourselves. On the day of the highest test, you met the challenge in an exemplary manner, and I truly say to you with all my heart, and that of the entire people, all citizens of Israel – you are heroes. Thank you very much."
