Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-samaria081123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, at IDF Central Command Headquarters, together with members of the War Cabinet, the Director of the ISA and the Director of the National Security Council, met with council heads from Judea and Samaria (see below).

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"At the start of my remarks, I would like to commend the IDF ground action in the Gaza Strip. It is advancing well and is achieving good results. I would like to set aside all kinds of false rumors that we are hearing from all sorts of directions and re-clarify one thing: There will be no ceasefire without the release of our hostages. Everything else is false.

I am here with the War Cabinet, the council heads from Judea and Samaria and, of course, with IDF Central Command. We have come here to accomplish three goals: The first goal is to step up counter-terrorism, which is being done aggressively. I would like to commend the IDF, the ISA and the Israel Police for their very impressive action in this field.

The second objective is to prevent escalation and Judea and Samaria from becoming a second front. Of course, this requires preparing for large-scale attacks in Judea and Samaria, and from Judea and Samaria. The third reason is a handful of extremists that do not represent the public that is sitting here, and which causes great damage to the State of Israel.

There are half a million loyal, law-abiding residents in Judea and Samaria, who do dedicated work. Now, many of them are either career IDF officers or reservists on the frontline In Gaza. These citizens have contributed greatly to the State of Israel over the years and are meeting challenges that the citizens of Israel know are both difficult and obligatory. They have consistently upheld ethical values and norms of conduct of the highest order.

There is a tiny handful of people that do not represent this public and that take the law into their own hands. We are not prepared to tolerate this. We are not prepared to accept this. We will take all action against them. This causes severe international damage to the State of Israel and it does not represent the public here. I condemn this and we will act against it, and I know that I represent all of the people sitting here – the heads of the communities in Judea and Samaria and the residents of Judea and Samaria. Thank you very much."

Attending the meeting were the heads of Oranit, Efrat, Elkana, Ariel, Beit El, Betar Ilit, the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council, the Jordan Valley Regional Council, Givat Ze'ev, the Gush Etzion Regional Council, Har Adar, the Har Hebron Regional Council, the Hebron Authority, Modi'in Ilit, Maaleh Adumim, Maaleh Efraim, Immanuel, Kedumim, Kiryat Arba, Karnei Shomron, the Shomron Regional Council, Sha'ar Shomron, the Director General of the Yesha Council and the Secretary General of Amana.
