Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-druze020723

The Cabinet, at its weekly meeting, today, approved Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's plan to advance a plan to develop and strengthen the Druze and Circassian communities and address their distress in various areas. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting [translated from Hebrew]: "Today, we are bringing a plan to advance construction in, and the strengthening of, the Druze and Circassian communities. We are going to invest unprecedented efforts and resources in order to close the gaps in housing, planning and development. We are aware of the considerable distress there. We want to deal with it and do so in a way that will really lift the impediments to planning and developing housing in the communities, including advancing new neighborhoods for discharged soldiers and young couples. This is a major problem. People are being discharged from service, sometimes outstanding service, and afterwards they are unable to even buy a room. This shout and cry has reached us and we are dealing with it. This mission will involve all government ministries. And I am convinced that with productive cooperation, we will also succeed in this mission as well." The main points of the decision: 1. An inter-ministerial committee – to be chaired by the Director General of the Prime Minister's Office – will be established to lift the impediments to housing development and planning. 2. The Druze and Circassian authorities will receive budgetary assistance. 3. State lands, that are appropriate for the planning and development of new neighborhoods for discharged soldiers and young couples, will be identified. 4. A new multi-year master plan for 2024-2028 for the Druze and Circassian communities will be prepared. The Director General of the Prime Minister's Office, in cooperation with the Socio-Economic Development Authority for the Druze and Circassian Sector and the Director General of the Interior Ministry, will have exclusive responsibility for dealing with all issues included in the government decisions. Government ministries will continue to evaluate additional issues that need to be addressed.
