Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start100923

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks [translated from Hebrew] at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today:

"First, I would like to wish the entire people of Israel a good and sweet year, and I hope that it will truly be – as much as possible – a sweet and united year. We want this, of course; this is self-evident.

I open this Cabinet meeting by sending condolences on behalf of myself, the Government and all citizens of Israel to Moroccan King Mohammed VI and the citizens of Morocco, regarding the disaster that befell their country, which has – so far – claimed thousands of lives. The State of Israel will render all possible assistance to Morocco, including – if requested – a rescue mission that is standing ready to help them. The State of Israel stands beside Morocco at this difficult time.

Today, we also want to announce the continuation of our vision of joining Israel to the world; we have been working on this for a decade already.

We (the governments under my leadership) built the railway from Haifa to Beit Shean, close to the Jordan River bridges for a clear goal: Not only to serve the residents of the Galilee and of Beit Shean, but also to forge a future link between Haifa Bay and the Arabian Peninsula.

Israel Katz, as Transportation Minister, together with me, we advanced this idea, this vision of joining the countries of the Arabian Peninsula through Jordan, through the Jezreel Valley to Haifa Bay. This will enable a transportation link through the Arabian Peninsula to Europe. Of course, this received additional momentum in the Abraham Accords, but now we are linking it to an even greater vision.

This vision, which is being advanced by President Biden together with the countries of Europe and the UAE, Saudi Arabia and others, of a transportation corridor of railways, maritime links, fiber optic cables and power lines, including natural gas and hydrogen (the energy of the future) that will pass from India, i.e. from Asia, through the Arabian Peninsula, through the State of Israel, to Europe, This is an immense change.

I thank President Biden for this important initiative. I would like to tell you – this changes our global and historical situation.

The land of Israel has always been a transit point for empires that trampled us in campaigns of conquest in every direction. Now the State of Israel has become a different kind of transit country. It has become a main junction in the global economy, a bridge of peace that is changing us.

We have already turned Israel into a global nexus in cyber, water and natural gas, and now we are doing this in transportation, energy and global communications. I think that this is a huge blessing.

Today we will also announce a revolution in the national priority map. We are providing huge budgets to advance Israeli communities on the periphery: tax benefits, various subsidies, priority in education and employment, and I am talking about all sectors of society. We are adding new communities to the national priority plan. This will be a great burst of energy for many communities in the Negev and the Galilee, close to the fence and in Judea and Samaria.

I would like to thank all ministers and ministries that took part in this and supported it. I would especially like to thank you, Yossi Shelley, the Director General of the Prime Minister's Office, for the work that you have done to bring about this very important result.

Today, we are announcing a special plan to strengthen south Tel Aviv and additional centers in which there are illegal infiltrators. We are allocating tens of millions to encourage the infiltrators to leave, to strengthen veteran citizens, to rebuild the synagogues that have been damaged, to assist students and young people, and more. I thank the Negev, Galilee and National Resilience Ministry, led by Minister Yitzhak Wasserlauf, for formulating the plan.

Lastly, we are making great efforts to calm the situation in an effort to reach broad public consensus, as much as possible, regarding the judicial reform. Therefore, I cannot accept the inflammatory calls coming from the leaders of the left-wing demonstrations.

A leading activist in the left-wing demonstrations called government ministers 'Nazis.' Another prominent activist, on Twitter, told a Government minister 'You are worse than the Nazis.' Hardly had a few hours passed since these shocking statements were made and at the left-wing demonstration last night in Modi'in, demonstrators called for my death and that of my wife: 'In the coming year, may you be in your graves.'

As of now, none of the leaders of the opposition has seen fit to condemn these severe remarks. I call on them to do so and to join us in calming the situation with the people. I expect the law enforcement authorities to take vigorous action against incitement and to settle accounts with the inciters. Hardly anything significant has been done up until now against this wild incitement. The freedom to demonstrate is not the freedom to incite.

If we work together in the right spirit and do not stand for such extremism, I think that we will genuinely have a better and sweeter year; this is what I wish to all citizens of Israel."
