Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-idf301023

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, in central Israel, visited the Israel Police Unit 33 (the Gidonim), together with National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir and Israel Police Inspector General Koby Shabtai.

Prime Minister Netanyahu was briefed by the commander of the Unit on the battles it fought in the Kfar Aza district, at the 'Black Arrow' memorial, and in the Southern Command area. The Prime Minister observed the operation of the forward command post and additional classified capability.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also observed an exercise, which combined undercover work, deception and an arrest in a simulated Arab area.

The Prime Minister concluded his visit by speaking with Unit fighters, most of whom had been in combat in the south. He thanked them, who together with the Israel Police, IDF and ISA, fought, and are fighting, with great daring for the security of the state.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the Gidonim:

"I am here with the National Security Minister and the Inspector General, and the elite Gidonim unit. The unit fights throughout the year, including on that cursed day, on that cursed weekend.

Over 50 police officers gave their lives to save the citizens of the State of Israel. We bow our heads in their memory and to their heroism and sacrifice.

The Israel Police, under the Inspector General, is doing sacred work, around the clock, to protect us, including this morning, and all citizens of Israel are indebted to them, especially at this time. I salute you.

You also work in full cooperation with other forces, and with the ISA. The ISA, under its Director, has done – and is doing – major covert work, also together with the other security services, including covert work that constantly saves lives. I salute them.

And of course, all of the security services work together with you, with the Chief-of-Staff, with the commanders and with the IDF, on the frontlines and are defending our homeland.

We are fighting for our home, and we will win. With the help of these people and others who are imbued with fighting spirit, sacrifice and the spirit of victory.

Thank you."
