Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-ar150623

Prime Minister's Office (PMO) Director General Yossi Shelley, last night, convened and chaired the first meeting of the inter-ministerial committee on defeating crime and violence in the Arab sector (as per Government decision #549), with the participation of the directors-general of the relevant government ministries, senior Arab sector officials led by Committee of Arab Local Authorities Chairman Mudar Younes, and additional authority heads. The participants were briefed on the various actions and the progress in the efforts to deal effectively with the crime and violence in the Arab sector.

The various officials presented the actions being taken in their areas of responsibility regarding the implementation of the decision. PMO Director General Shelley decided to set a new policy for dealing with communities in acute distress, including pooling budgets for the issue of defeating violence and crime in these communities. He also emphasized that the criminal organizations must be dealt with in a thorough manner.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu commended the convening of the inter-ministerial committee and said that the issue tops the list of priorities and therefore it is fitting that Director General of the PMO lead the committee.

Committee of Arab Local Authorities Chairman Younes said [translated from Hebrew]: "Today's meeting is not a given. We thank you and are going to work together." Um Al-Fahm Mayor Samir Mahmid said [translated from Hebrew]: "I thank the Director General for the three meetings that have been held with him over the last 10 days. I am certain that with the determination and responsibility you have shown for the Arab sector, we will succeed."

PMO Director General Shelley summarized the discussion:

"We are one society – Jewish and Arab – that needs to live together in this country. We will not allow the criminal organizations to harm us. We are in an emergency situation – in a period of community-wide terrorism in the Arab towns.

I intend to work with the authority heads who have been successful and achieved much, and turn their way into a model. I would like to focus on identifying and defining problems, improving processes, pooling resources and achieving results as soon as possible. We will work toward significant change on the ground, such as: Allocating resources to police officers specifically designated to work on the issue, technology, community security and more.

I intend to convene the steering committee more frequently and to receive periodic reports. I will not hesitate to intervene in places where budgets have not been utilized and reassign resources where necessary and appropriate in order to deal areas in acute distress. The cooperation of all government ministries is critical. Today I have received an updated picture of the situation regarding the scope of activity and implementation by the various ministries.

The next directors-general forum will meet in Arab communities, in full coordination with the Chairman of the Committee of Arab Local Authorities."

Participating in the meeting were senior representatives of the relevant government ministries and agencies including: The Prime Minister's Office, the National Security Ministry, the Justice Ministry, the Interior Ministry, the Labor Ministry, the Welfare and Social Affairs Ministry, the Education Ministry, the Finance Ministry, the Tax Authority, the Israel Police, the Israel Authority for Prevention of Violence, Alcohol and Drug Abuse, the National Security Council, the Prisoner Rehabilitation Authority, the National Authority for the Socio-Economic Development of the Minorities Sector (Government decision #550), the National Authority for the Socio-Economic Development of Druze and Circassian Communities, and the Social Equality Ministry Socio-Economic Branch for the Bedouin Sector.
