Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start190323

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today: "Today, I will discuss our three struggles: Against the Iranian nuclear program, against terrorism and against anarchy. First, the diplomatic struggle. The Government of Israel is continuing the struggle against the Iranian nuclear program. Last week I met with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. I stood together with the Chancellor on the platform in Berlin from which Jews were sent to the death camps. As opposed to the past, today when we face the extremist regime in Tehran, which seeks to obliterate us from the face of the earth, we do everything necessary to defend ourselves. Like I say to world leaders and as I told Chancellor Scholz, the Jewish state will not allow another Holocaust. The great turning point in the fate of our people found prominent expression during my visit in the discussions that we held on providing Israel's Arrow 3 system to Germany. In the Holocaust, the Jews were defenseless against Nazi Germany. Eighty years later, Germany is seeking to acquire defensive systems from the Jewish state. Then, we could not defend ourselves; today, we help others to defend themselves. What an incredible turnaround. Now, regarding the struggle against terrorism, our forces are active around the clock in order to settle accounts with the terrorists and thwart terrorist infrastructure. Dozens of terrorists have been eliminated in the past month; many others have been arrested. I reiterate: Whoever tries to harm Israeli citizens will pay the price. We will find the terrorists and the architects of terrorism everywhere. Third, we will not accept anarchy. There are those who are calling for the blocking of highways, for refusal, for blood in the streets, and to attack public figures. We will not accept this. We will not accept violence – by any side. I expect the Inspector General and the police to enforce the law, to prevent violence and the blocking of roads, and to allow the daily life of the citizens of the country. I expect the ISA and the State Attorney's Office to take determined action against those who incite to murder ministers and MKs, and the Prime Minister and his family, without turning a blind eye, without cutting slack and without cutting corners. I expect the IDF Chief-of-Staff and the heads of the security services to vigorously fight against refusal to serve. There is no place for refusal to serve in the public discourse. A state that values life cannot tolerate such phenomena and we will not tolerate them.
