Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-command010823

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Yoav Gallant, today (Tuesday, 1 August 2023), visited IDF Central Command Headquarters, together with IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Herzi Halevi.

The Prime Minister held an assessment in which he was briefed on operational and intelligence activity in the sector. He was then briefed by the Head of IDF Central Command, Maj.-Gen. Yehuda Fuchs on the unique weaponry being used by the Command for counter-terrorism operations, intelligence gathering and the rapid relaying of information from intelligence personnel to operations officers in the field. Prime Minister Netanyahu was also shown advanced means for dealing with and preventing disturbances.

Following the briefing, the Prime Minister spoke with soldiers from the multi-dimensional unit.

Prime Minister Netanyahu [translated from Hebrew]:

"First, I would like to commend the Border Police officer who engaged, took swift and determined action, and eliminated the terrorist in Maaleh Adumim. I certainly appreciate this, just as I do what I saw here today.

I have just finished a very thorough update with the Defense Minister, IDF Chief-of-Staff, the Head of IDF Central Command and also with the soldiers, and saw the innovative means that the IDF uses here in the fight against terrorism. I remind you that up until now, we have closed accounts with whoever murders Israelis. This is a combination of human intelligence, artificial intelligence and plenty of resourcefulness and commitment.

As I see it, the IDF is at full capability and is prepared to meet all challenges on all fronts. I would like to tell you that not only is the IDF strong but so is the economy.

We were told today that Amazon is investing NIS 26 billion in the Israeli economy; this is after we were told that Intel intends to invest $25 billion and that NVIDIA is building a supercomputer here.

Indeed, the IDF is strong, as is the Israeli economy. Israeli society and democracy are coming out strengthened. I would like to tell you that I am working around the clock, together with others, on the solution."

Defense Minister Gallant [translated from Hebrew]:

"I would like to thank the commanders and soldiers for their continuous, strong and dedicated activity on behalf of the security of Israel. Without them we would achieve nothing.

Our challenge also finds expression in the extraordinary ability of Israeli technology, both inside and outside the military. While the overall results are excellent, we have had serious events. I tell you as clearly as possible, we will settle accounts with anyone who hurts a soldier or civilian and we will put them either in jail or in the cemetery.

I send best wishes for a complete recovery to those who were wounded in Maaleh Adumim and positive support to the Border Police personnel who, even in time of routine, while on leave, engage the enemy and kill him as needed. When civilians are being attacked, they place themselves between those under attack and the terrorists and it is good that they do so."

Also participating in the assessment were the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff, the Director of the National Security Council, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary, the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories, the IDF Judea and Samaria Division Commander, the Head of IDF Central Command Staff, the Head of the Civil Administration, senior Border Police and ISA commanders and additional military officials.
