Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start050223

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"At the start of my remarks, I would like to send my condolences to the family of former Knesset Speaker Shevah Weiss. Shevah loyally represented Holocaust survivors and the people of Israel. While I did not always agree with him. I always appreciated him. I appreciated his commitment to the citizens of Israel, to the State of Israel and its revival, and to enshrining the memory of the Holocaust. He was always completely committed to this. May his memory be blessed.

Today, the Cabinet will complete the establishment of a new community – Hanun – in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip. We decided on its establishment during our previous government and today we are completing its establishment by budgeting for the planning of the community. We will thereby put the establishment of the community into action. Setting up the community is additional testimony to the resilience of the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip and to the strength of the State of Israel against all threats, including any trickle to which we respond with full force. We see people taking about their decisions to come and move to the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip and establish new communities in the area. We are proud to build up the land of Israel and we are proud to strengthen settlement in all of its areas.

This morning I returned from an important diplomatic visit to France. I met with French President Emmanuel Macron. At the focus of our long conversation, I must say, our common position – to confront Iran's efforts to obtain nuclear weapons and a nuclear arsenal. Our positions have drawn closer than I can remember in some time. Europe identifies more with the Israeli position, although the positions are not identical, but they are much closer, as we also realized during the visits of Jake Sullivan and Secretary of State Antony Blinken on the Iran issue.

I also met there with approximately 60 representatives of the business community and executives of French concerns. Their joint capital is estimated in the billions. I heard one clear message: 'We want to increase our investments in Israel.' This was said by everyone who was there. I repeat today what I have said many times on different occasions to many people – the Israeli economy is strong and it will continue to strengthen over time. Whoever invests in Israel – profits.

Last week the President of Chad – who came to Israel – and I dedicated the Chadian Embassy in Israel. Chad is a large Islamic country in the center of Africa. It is an important complement to the Abraham Accords that we brought. We are continuing to work toward adding to and deepening the circle of peace around us.

While we are moving Israel forward in the diplomatic and economic spheres, we are also working – of course – in the security sphere. I commend the security forces for thwarting two severe terrorist attacks that were being planned for the coming days. These actions have saved many lives. I also commend the ISA and the IDF for the operation in Jericho during which the terrorists who were involved in attacks against Israelis were apprehended. Our policy is clear: We operate everywhere and with all means in order to thwart terrorism and harm those who plan to harm us.

Yesterday we saw an explicit threat to murder the Prime Minister of Israel. This threat was published in black-and-white on Facebook. It came from a leading figure in the demonstrations against the government. This threat is the direct result of irresponsible incitement. This cannot be overlooked. We know that it is possible to argue about what really endangers democracy but explicit calls to commit murder, political murder, are not subject to dispute. They are a true danger to democracy that everyone needs to come out against strongly.
