Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-joint100923

Pursuant to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's directive last week, the special ministerial team on evaluating how to deal with infiltrators who break the law, Negev, Galilee and National Resilience Yitzhak Wasserlauf and Minister for the Advancement of Women May Golan, at the weekly Cabinet meeting today (Sunday, 10 September 2023), submitted for approval an approximately NIS 30 million in-depth plan to deal with the problem of infiltrators. The main points of the plan: * An approximately NIS 20 million budget to encourage the voluntary repatriation of infiltrators * The establishment of an inter-ministerial team headed by director generals on the overall concerns of residents * NIS 1.5 million (until 2025) to support student villages in the neighborhoods * An approximately NIS 3 million social and community rehabilitation plan for the women of south Tel Aviv, for 2023-2024 * Strengthening the veteran citizens with a plan to deal with loneliness, legal assistance, assistance in utilizing their rights and a telephone switchboard * Providing a comprehensive and inclusive NIS 1.5 million plan to increase personal resilience for the benefit of women living in areas with high concentrations of infiltrators. * Increasing youth activities in the neighborhoods * Providing NIS 1.5 million (up to 2025) to repair synagogues that have been vandalized * Legal assistance to local residents Prime Minister Netanyahu [translated from Hebrew]: "Today, we are announcing a special plan to strengthen south Tel Aviv and additional centers in which there are illegal infiltrators. We are allocating tens of millions to encourage the infiltrators to leave, to strengthen veteran citizens, to rebuild the synagogues that have been damaged, to assist students and young people, and more. I thank the Negev, Galilee and National Resilience Ministry, led by Minister Yitzhak Wasserlauf, for formulating the plan. I also thank Minister May Golan who has been very active in advancing this issue." Negev, Galilee and National Resilience Minister Yitzhak Wasserlauf [translated from Hebrew]: "The distress of the residents of the neighborhoods that are saturated with infiltrators is a problem for all of us. Like many problems, it receives exposure only when it breaks through the immediate cycle of victims and bursts into the public sphere. I am very familiar with the residents of the neighborhoods that are saturated with infiltrators; I lived among them – concerned citizens who fear for the safety of their children and their elderly parents, and live in a harsh reality; this is unacceptable. The Negev, Galilee and National Resilience Ministry under my leadership, which is responsible for strengthening community resilience in neighborhoods with high concentrations of infiltrators, has been working for months on formulating an in-depth response for the distress of the dear residents there. In the framework of the plan that we have led, and pursuant to the ministerial team that met last week, we have passed, together with our colleagues in the government, an earmarked government decision to rehabilitate, advance and develop areas with high concentrations of infiltrators. This is a very important and comprehensive decision with budgeting. We will continue to work tirelessly until we restore the security and resilience to the residents of the neighborhoods and the people of Israel." Minister of the Advancement of Women May Golan [translated from Hebrew]: "As one who has led the fight against illegal infiltrators for over a decade, I am determined to assist – as much as I can, and within the constraints of my ministry – those same neighborhoods that are bearing the cruel brunt of the infiltrators. I did this as an MK with the formulation of a budget of tens of millions of shekels for the same neighborhoods and now I am doing so as a government minister. This is the first of many steps – G-d willing – by my ministry to provide holistic assistance for the women whose only sin is to live in an area that has become blighted by crime and violence." # The Negev, Galilee and National Resilience Ministry led by Minister Yitzhak Wasserlauf, which is responsible for – inter alia – strengthening community resilience in neighborhoods with high concentrations of infiltrators, and Minister of the Advancement of Women May Golan, who is also responsible for strengthening national resilience and dealing with areas in which there is a high concentration of illegal infiltrators, have presented an in-depth plan to deal with the problem of infiltrators, which their ministries have worked on in recent months. As part of the plan, the Cabinet has passed an earmarked decision to rehabilitate, advance and develop areas with high concentrations of infiltrators, with an approximately NIS 30 million budget, in cooperation with the following ministries: Interior, Finance, Foreign Affairs, National Security, Justice, Health, and Welfare and Social Affairs.
