Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-ceo150223

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a Preliminary Meeting of Ministry Directors General and Local Council Heads from the Area Adjacent to the Gaza Strip: "I do not intend to relent, either on security or on development."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, participated in a preliminary meeting of directors general of the relevant ministries and council heads from the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip. The meeting was chaired by the Director General of the Prime Minister's Office with the objective of formulating a government decision to strengthen the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We have joint work by the government ministries to continue providing the support.

I do not intend to relent, either on security or on development. While your development is important to you, it is also important to me. What is the struggle about? They want to uproot us and we want to deepen our roots – and you are our roots.

The proper answer to terrorism is to strike at the terrorists and deepen our roots, and you are located in the place where we need to do both."

At the meeting it was stated that the population of the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip has grown by almost 40% in the past decade. Prime Minister Netanyahu told the council heads that if someone had told him during Operation Protective Edge that this would be the case, nobody would have believed it.

Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley, in cooperation with the directors general of the relevant ministries, decided to submit for Government approval, within 30 days, a wide-ranging decision to strengthen civilian resilience in Sderot and the other communities in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip.

The decision will focus on three goals:

1. Strengthening residents and community support networks.

2. Strengthening and developing the local and regional economies.

3. Strengthening local councils

Prime Minister's Office Director General Shelley said at the start of the meeting: "Strengthening the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip is a very important issue from our perspective. I want the package for the area to be larger, pursuant to the growth in the local population."

Attending the discussion were Sderot Mayor Alon Davidi, Sdot Negev Regional Council Chairman Tamir Idan, Shaar Hanegev Regional Council Chairman Ofir Leibstein, Hof Ashkelon Regional Council Chairman Itamar Revivo, Finance Ministry Director General Shlomi Heizler, National Security Ministry Director General Shlomo Ben-Eliyahu, Education Ministry Director General Asaf Tzalel, Interior Ministry Director General Ronen Peretz, Negev and Galilee Ministry Director General Elazar Ben-Harosh, Agriculture Ministry Director General Oren Lavi, Economy Ministry Director General Amnon Merhav, Health Ministry Director General Moshe Bar Siman Tov, Environmental Protection Ministry Director General Guy Samet, Culture and Sport Ministry Director General Kfir Suissa, Heritage Ministry Director General Netanel Isaac, Settlement Ministry Director General Avi Meir, Transportation Ministry Acting Director General Avner Flor, Prime Minister's Office Deputy Director General for Home Affairs, Planning and Development Aviel Phansapurker, Finance Ministry Deputy Budget Director Tzachi David and additional senior officials.
