Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start-sderot200423

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the festive Cabinet meeting in Sderot, today:

"First of all, I would like to thank you, host and Mayor Alon Davidi, and the authority heads who are here with us, together with the ministers. Today, we are holding a special Cabinet meeting in Sderot and have major news for Sderot and the area around the Gaza Strip.

This is not the first time that we are here. The Likud governments that I have led, together with our friends, have been active here over the past decade in two main areas – security and development.

We have done many things. First of all, we have developed transportation. We opened train station in Sderot and have linked the area around the Gaza Strip to the center of the country, and the center of the country to the area around the Gaza Strip. We extended the railway line to Be'er Sheva and we improved it. We enacted a roof plan here, created thousands of residential units, doubled the industrial zones, assisted residents economically, developed the highways and did many other good things.

On security, we have been active constantly, also regarding protective measures with the structural reinforcement that we have done. We still need to do more and today we will do it. We will do even more later. There have also been major operations which I will specify. One, there was Protective Edge, which – for the first time – struck a significant blow to the tunnels that physically and psychologically threatened the residents in the area around the Gaza Strip. Of course, in 2021, there was Operation Guardians of the Wall which in effect neutralized the tunnel weapon and, of course, struck a very significant mortal blow to Hamas' other capabilities – in the air, at sea and elsewhere.

I would like to show you, before we discuss what we are doing today, what a major effect this has had on increasing the population of Sderot and the area around the Gaza Strip. You can see this here: Population growth in the State of Israel, which is impressive by any global standard, was 22.7%, very large growth in the State of Israel. Here is the growth for the area around the Gaza Strip. See what has happened in the area since 2014. The area has grown. Citizens of Israel are coming en masse to the communities of the area and population growth in the area is 70% more than the impressive increase in the State of Israel. In 2014, with Protective Edge and the first five-year plan, and again in 2032 with Guardian of the Wall.

Today, we will continue this effort with an additional NIS 1.6 billion. This plan includes developing and upgrading public spaces, boosting education and young people, strengthening the local economy, increasing the council's readiness for emergencies and other items that we will detail soon.

I would like to emphasize that the area around the Gaza Strip is Israel. All sectors of our nation live here: Religious, secular and traditional, new and veteran immigrants, east and west – everyone. We will continue to develop the area around the communities in the area, in Israel, for the benefit of the residents and for the benefit of the entire State of Israel."
