Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-condolences020323

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, today, in the community of Har Bracha, paid a condolence call on the Yaniv family, two of whose sons – Hallel and Yigal – were murdered in a shooting attack in Hawara. The Prime Minister and his wife heard from the parents – Esti and Shalom Yaniv – about their sons, about the values of volunteering and giving that motivated them and also about the last family Shabbat that they all spent together, just before the brutal terrorist attack. Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "If they could, they would murder us all but they want to uproot us. I say that our answer is to strike at them and deepen our roots. We have made a series of decisions recently, in the face of an international reality that is not a simple one, to deepen our roots, to deepen settlement and to expand our hold on our homeland. This is the battle in which we find ourselves. These two splendid youths fell in the battle for our homeland." Prime Minister Netanyahu told the mother, Esti Yaniv: "What you went through in that uprooting (from Gush Katif), if it depends on me, it will not happen again. On the contrary: There will be no uprooting, but planting!" Sara Netanyahu said: "Unfortunately, I have been with more than a few bereaved families and I always say how I have come to be acquainted with and hear about such marvelous children after they are gone." The sister Rachel told Prime Minister Netanyahu and his wife how she wants to continue living in Har Bracha but with a sense of security. The Prime Minister replied to her as a bereaved brother: "We have much to do regarding security. Unfortunately, we confirm again the saying that the land of Israel is acquired through suffering and there is no suffering greater than that which you have gone through. I sat shiva for one brother, to sit for two adds to the terrible sorrow." He added: "We have a mission, to increase security, to strike at the murderers. This is what we will do." At the conclusion of the visit, the family went out with the Prime Minister and his wife to the balcony of their home, which overlooks the mountains of Samaria. Prime Minister Netanyahu said: "This is what we are struggling over. I was here on these hills when there was nothing here. There has been a past here and there will be a future. Now we must get on with the future."
