Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-statement071123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:

"Citizens of Israel, I would like to update you on the continuation of the war. In the south, the war in the Gaza Strip is proceeding with a fervor that Hamas has never known. Gaza City is surrounded. We are operating in it. We are intensifying the pressure on Hamas on an hourly basis, every day.

As of now, we have eliminated thousands of terrorists above ground – and below ground. Among them, we have eliminated arch-murderers who planned and perpetrated the terrible massacre on that black Shabbat one month ago. Since the start of the ground incursion, we have destroyed countless Hamas command centers, tunnels, bases and installations. Hamas is discovering that we can go to places they did not think we could, and the campaign is continuing.

I have just come from our soldiers at the Tze'elim base. Some of them were in the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip and fought with extraordinary heroism on the first day of fighting. Afterwards, they fought with the determination and heroism in the north. Now they are preparing to enter the Gaza Strip, equipped with two great advantages. First – the lessons that the IDF is systematically and prudently learning from the operations of our forces inside Gaza, lessons that are improving the results of the fighting even more. The second – and most important – advantage is that they are equipped with a fighting spirit that is second to none. They have extraordinary heroism. They have faith and, above all, they have a sense of mission. They are defending our home. I salute them; the entire people of Israel salutes them.

In the north, we are operating defensively and offensively. We will continue to defend our border. We will not accept a reality in which Hezbollah or those who do its bidding, Hamas in Lebanon, attack our communities and our citizens. We will continue to respond with heavy fire to any attack against us. We have attacked many Hezbollah targets and have eliminated many terrorists. I reiterate: If Hezbollah decides to enter the war – it will be making the mistake of its life.

Regarding our hostages, I have spoken with the President of the Red Cross. I demanded from her that the Red Cross act toward the immediate release of our hostages, as required by international law. I also demanded that the Red Cross carry out its obligation and immediately visit all of the hostages in order to verify their health and well-being.

Yesterday, I convened all of the foreign ambassadors to Israel. I called on them to join Israel's demand for the immediate release of all of the hostages. I told them that their abduction is a war crime. I reiterate to our enemies and friends alike: There will be no ceasefire without the return of our hostages.

From here I turn to the hostages' families, who are enduring an ongoing nightmare: I want you to know that we are using all means, on all fronts, in order to bring your loved ones – our loved ones – back home. The military action is a vital part of this effort.

On the diplomatic front, we are working around the clock to provide the IDF with international maneuvering room for continued military activity. We are bringing here leaders from countries around the world. I meet with them and show them the horrors of Hamas. I show them the heroism of our citizens and our soldiers. I tell them: Our war is your war because if we do not win, you are next in line. I always add: We will win. We will not stop until victory.

I am in continuous contact with US President Joe Biden. We appreciate his support, that of the US administration and that of the American people.

Citizens of Israel, last month, on the black day of October 7th, a brutal war was forced on us by an enemy whose cruelty is unparalleled, and who sought to slaughter us. This enemy will be struck severely. He will be destroyed. We will eliminate Hamas's military and governing capabilities. Gaza will no longer constitute a threat to Israel. Once again, I call on the civilian population in Gaza – evacuate southward. You are already doing so; complete it. We will not stop. I repeat: There will be no entry of fuel or workers, and there will be no ceasefire without the release of our hostages.

On the economic issue, my directive to the government and to the ministers is absolutely clear: Lift all of the impediments, open all the taps, attend to all the injured, attend to all the civilians and make certain that nobody is left behind. We have evacuated over 100,000 people from the northern and southern borders. We are working to return them. We are working, first of all, to rehabilitate the communities, including the moshavim and kibbutzim. We will invest all the necessary capital, effort and heart in this. We are giving full and increased payment to reservists, compensation to workers and compensation to businesses.

Something else, the home front. Today I visited the command center for the city of Ashdod. I saw the resilience of the leadership and of the residents. I would like to tell you, citizens of Israel: Your resilience, and your determination to continue until victory, are what gives us – the government and the IDF – the strength to complete the task.

Citizens of Israel, all of our hearts are with the families of those who were murdered and the families of the hostages. We embrace the bereaved families of our soldiers who gave their lives for our state. We wish a speedy recovery to the wounded and pray for them. We strongly support our brave soldiers. I tell you with certainty: Out of the darkness and pain, we will emerge stronger, better prepared and more united. Together we will fight and with G-d's help, together we will win."
