Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-house010523

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, toda, at the David Citadel Hotel in Jerusalem, met with US House of Representatives Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-CA). Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I'm delighted to welcome to Jerusalem – to the Knesset – an old friend of mine, and an old friend and a trusted friend of the State of Israel: Kevin McCarthy. He has been a champion of the Israeli-American alliance. I think we have no better friend. You've brought with you a bipartisan delegation to express solidarity with Israel on its 75th anniversary. You're going to be the second speaker who speaks in the Knesset, and you will be welcome with open arms. I have to say that the recent statement by 400 members of Congress in support of Israel was tremendous. You know, to get 95% agreement on anything today is no mean matter. And I think it expresses the strength of that alliance and the strength of that support. I want to thank you personally for everything that you've been doing for that. So, welcome to Jerusalem, friend." Speaker McCarthy: "Thank you, my friend. It is an honor. As Speaker, this is my first trip overseas as speaker, and it's on purpose that I came to Israel, because there is no greater ally to America than Israel. And to be able to say to my longtime friend, the prime minister, just your leadership, your character and your courage – you inspire us in America as well. You're right about our resolution honoring 75 years of Israel. I mean, we're proud of the history that 11 minutes after you became a country, that America recognized you. And our bonds have only grown each and every year. And I look to the next 75 years. The world is better when American and Israel are tighter. The world is safer. I think of what we've been able to accomplish. Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East. There's only two countries in the world that were conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all people are equal. And as we continue to grow that, I think the world will be safer, be stronger and our children will have a much beautiful world in the future. So, thank you. I appreciate you."
