Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_duvdevan060223

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Yoav Gallant, today, visited the IDF Duvdevan unit, in the IDF Central Command area. Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Gallant held an assessment of the activity of IDF Central Command units and of the intelligence picture in the sector. They underscored the main challenges facing the Command in general and the unit in particular, and the constantly changing conditions Central Command is called upon to deal with in facing these challenges. Participating in the discussion were Defense Minister Gallant, the Chief of the Prime Ministers Staff Tzachi Braverman, National Security Council Director Tzachi Hanegbi, IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Herzi Halevi, ISA Director Ronen Bar, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil, Head of Central Command Maj.-Gen. Yehuda Fuchs, Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories Maj.-Gen. Rassan Aliyan, the ISA head of the Jerusalem, Judea and Samaria sector, and Duvdevan commander Lt.-Col. D. Afterwards, Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Gallant received a briefing, during which Duvdevan commander Lt.-Col. D reviewed the unit's operation activity. Following the briefing, Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke with the unit soldiers; he thanked them for their great contribution to the security of the State of Israel. Prime Minister Netanyahu: "I have just finished a briefing on the situation, together with the Defense Minister, the IDF Chief-of-Staff, the head of Central Command and the unit commander. Now I am meeting with you, the soldiers. This is not my first visit here to the unit. From visit to visit, I see the advancement, the resourcefulness and the creativity, and I see the results. One cannot argue with results. You take considerable risks upon yourselves, but the results up until now have – with G-d's help – been very good, including a number of counter-terrorist operations that you succeeded in carrying out and the number of losses that you succeeded in preventing, among Israeli civilians as well as among yourselves. I would only like to commend you and hope that this continues. Now, I would like to put things in a little wider context. We are in a confrontation in a region in which there is a continual struggle between those who want to move forward with us and radical Islamist forces that want to take us back to medieval times. It is a major struggle. Externally, it is – of course – run by Iran, which is our greatest enemy, and we are confronting it. Locally, there are forces that also want to strangle us in various places. Relatively, we are succeeding at the moment, in holding them and in deterring them, whether in Gaza or in Lebanon. Of course, we would be pleased if the Palestinian Authority would do its share but we see that it is not. In most cases, it is not confronting those who need to be confronted. It is unclear how long this will continue but we certainly cannot rely on it. In any future, scenario there is no alternative to our security control on the ground. When we talk about security control on the ground, we mean going into the area. When we talk about going into the area, we mean a range of operations; however, first of all, this capability is yours. You are the vanguard of the security capability of the State of Israel in Judea and Samaria, and not only there. I would like to commend you for this. I want you to continue sharpening the spear-point. Watch over the country and watch yourselves, each other."
