Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-living220623

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, chaired a meeting of the Ministerial Committee on Fighting the Cost of Living. Carrefour Israel CEO Uri Kilstein reported on the impediments to making the Israeli market more competitive. Economy and Industry Minister Nir Barkat presented the principles and outline of the Free Imports Law, the goal of which is to have every product that meets the European standard be able to enter the Israeli market unless it is subject to a specific exception. Health Ministry Director General Moshe Bar Siman Tov presented his ministry's efforts to lighten the Israeli standards.

Prime Minister Netanyahu, at the end of the discussion:

"I would like to thank the Finance, Economy, Health and Religious Services ministries. We are doing something here that has not been done in Israel before, not in this way, not of this scope and not with this intensity.

We want to help families get through the month. In order for them to be able to get through the month, we need to lower the prices of most products that are sold in Israel. Prices here are higher than in Europe and there is no justification for this.

The reason is over-regulation, too many standards and too much bureaucracy. All of these contribute to price increases and we need to lower them.

We intend to cancel a considerable part of the regulation, in effect by enacting a rule: What is good in Europe is good in Israel. The existing situation here in which everything is prohibited unless we permit it – we are reversing the order: Everything is permitted except that for which we make an exception. To this end, we are proceeding toward legislation that will cancel the need for this bureaucracy.

When I came to enact the first reforms in opening up the Israeli economy, these four reforms always reminded me of Pinchas Sapir, who believed that the way to help foreign manufacturers and Jewish entrepreneurs come to Israel was 'I will lead you through the Israeli bureaucracy' and 'I will find you a path through the barriers'. I thought that the correct thing to do was to cancel the barriers. One does not need special people, intermediaries and middlemen. One needs to simply cancel the barriers.

We are canceling the barriers of bureaucracy. Problems will always remain but I believe that we will resolve them in the coming months through the work of this committee and the legislation in the Knesset. We will greatly reduce bureaucracy in order to lower prices for the citizens of Israel. I thank you very much for the cooperation between the ministries."
