Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-north-gaza251223

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the northern Gaza Strip, together with IDF Deputy Chief-of-Staff Maj.-Gen. Amir Baram.

The Prime Minister was briefed by the Commander of the 261st Brigade, Col. Yehuda Wach, the Deputy Commander of the 162nd Division and the Deputy Commander of the 261st Brigade about their activity in the northern Gaza Strip, the quantity of enemy war materiel that had been found in almost every home and the soldiers' determination to continue with full force. Prime Minister Netanyahu also heard about the many tunnel shafts that had been found in the heart of a civilian area and was briefed on the routes of the tunnels.

The Prime Minister spoke with the soldiers and heard from them about their insistence and determination regarding the mission – to fight until the end, until victory.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the soldiers:

"I am here with you in the northern Gaza Strip and I am extraordinarily impressed. Previously, I told your commanders, and you, as reservists, as soldiers – we are proud of you and rely on you. We see the determination and the desire to continue on until the end."

Then I have two things to tell you: First, we will do everything to maintain your safety and your lives. While we want to pursue the mission, we want to safeguard you even more. That is the first – and most important – thing.

Second, we are not stopping. Whoever talks about stopping – there is no such thing. We are not stopping. The war will continue until the end, until we finish it, no less.

I know that you left your families and that your families support you. That is amazing. That is the power – the key to victory."

"We left two of our friends here."

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I know. Not a few, and dear friends. For this we are continuing. The testament is to continue."

261st Brigade Commander Yehuda Wach:

"It is important that you came and it is important that they know that we will go wherever you tell us – we will win. Not 'close', not 'more or less' – until the end. We will win."

Prime Minister Netanyahu was accompanied by his Chief of Staff, Tzachi Braverman, and his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil.
