Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start200823

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today: "On behalf of the citizens of Israel, I would like to send condolences to the family of Shai and Aviad, may their memories be blessed. A father and son were murdered in a brutal terrorist attack in Hawara. The security forces are working now to apprehend the murderer and settle accounts with him, just as we have done with anyone who murders Israelis since this Government was formed. This terrorist's day will come, and sooner than he thinks. In the 16 years that I have led governments, we have implemented revolutionary reforms that have transformed Israel into one of the most advanced countries in the world. We are continuing to move forward with full force. On Thursday, I went – together with my friends, the Transportation Minister, the former Transportation Minister, the Deputy Transportation Minister and others – to dedicate the first light rail in the Greater Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area. Already the next day, the first day for riding, approximately 100,000 Israelis rode on the new light rail. Since the establishment of the state, they have talked and talked about a light rail in the Greater Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area, and we have done it. Today, we are ahead of most countries, with one of the most computerized, electrified, quietest and safest light railways. This is part of the huge transportation vision of a metro network that will implement a major revolution in transportation in the heart and center of the country. We have already turned Israel into an international transportation hub with the seaports that we have built, the open skies policy that we have led, which you led, Minister Katz, international airports that we have built and expanded, flights over Saudi Arabia that have dramatically shortened the journey to the Gulf states and Asia. Truly this is a new Middle East. The transportation revolution is only one of the many revolutions we have led. We turned Israel into an economic power, thanks to the free market reforms that we led. We turned it into an energy power thanks to the gas revolution that we led. We turned it into a water power thanks to the desalination revolution that we led. We turned it into a cybernetic power thanks to the cyber revolution that we led. We turned Israel into a peace power, true peace, with the revolution of the Abraham Accords that we led, and our hand is still extended. We are currently striving for a revolution in the cost of living by reducing customs and impediments to imports, in order to lower prices. At a time when the credit ratings companies are lowering the credit ratings of major powers, they are confirming Israel's credit rating at a very high level. They see our low unemployment data, our high growth, the huge investments in Israel by Intel, Amazon and NVIDIA, the new companies that are looking for more undersea gas, and more. And perhaps the deal that symbolizes more than any, the great revolution in Israel's status is the largest security deal in the history of the country that was signed last week with Germany, the Arrow-3 deal worth NIS 14 billion. This deal underscores the major change that has affected our people, which was helpless during the Holocaust and is now sought after by the entire world. By the way, it could be that we will also donate Daniel Peretz to the Germany's defense system. We will consider this in the coming days. At every Cabinet meeting, we are advancing the State of Israel new steps forward. Today, we will approve an injection of encouragement into our health system by encouraging the arrival of doctors who are eligible to make aliyah to Israel. This is not only a Zionist effort, it is also an important step that will assist the health of us all. We do not forget Jerusalem even for a moment, and our commitment to help all of its residents. Today, the government will make an important decision to benefit the residents of eastern Jerusalem. I am pleased and proud that our decision, worth NIS 3 billion, much more than the amount that has been budgeted previously, is for citizens' services in the eastern part of the city. Later today, we will issue a statement to this effect together with the Jerusalem Affairs Minister, the Finance Minister and the Mayor of Jerusalem. I would like to thank everyone who has worked on this. Thank you very much."
