Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-football070923

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with South American Football Confederation (CONMEBOL) President and FIFA Vice President Alejandro Dominguez and members of his delegation, together with Israel Football Association (IFA) President Moshe Shino Zuares and IFA CEO Niv Goldstein.

Prime Minister Netanyahu commended CONMEBOL President and his delegation for coming to Israel and said that he was pleased about the agreement to expand cooperation between the IFA and CONMEBOL.

CONMEBOL President and FIFA Vice President Dominguez told the Prime Minister that he had agreed on the arrival of the Argentinian national team, including Lionel Messi, and its youth team for friendly exhibition games in Israel and added that IFA President Zuares and his Argentinian counterpart, Claudio Tapia, would coordinate on the dates for the emotional matches.

During the meeting, Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke by telephone with Paraguayan President Santiago Peña:

"I was very happy to hear about your decision on the embassy. But also I'd very much like to talk to you about strengthening even further our ties between Paraguay and Israel. I look forward to receiving you in Jerusalem, in the reconstituted embassy and at the UN."

Paraguayan President Peña told Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I'm very happy that you're receiving the CONMEBOL delegation, but most of them are Paraguayan. The president of CONMEBOL is a very good friend of mine. We are very very happy that he's in Israel, and of course, his responsibility as the head of the South American Association is very good, but he's always doing a great job as a non-official ambassador of Paraguay worldwide. Thank you Prime Minister. I look forward to talking with you in New York."

Also participating in the meeting for the Israeli side were the Director of the National Security Council, the Head of the National Public Diplomacy Directorate and the Deputy Director General of the Culture and Sports Ministry. For the South American side, participants included the wife of the CONMEBOL President, the CEO of the Latin American Jewish Congress, the President of Ecipsa Group, the CEO of ECIPSA Israel, the CEO of INMO and the CEO of Agriplus.
