Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_tel_hashomer210823

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , at the IDF induction base at Tel Hashomer, met with IDF draftees who are due to serve as battalion communications officers, logistics officers, infantry instructors, patrol vehicle drivers and military police personnel.

At the start of the visit, Prime Minister Netanyahu was briefed on data and trends of the recruitment as well as on changes in induction to the IDF, which facilitate equal opportunities and the full utilization of the abilities of all those being drafted for their military service.

The Prime Minister then spoke with the new recruits and answered their questions on IDF service, the economy and innovation. He met with recruits as they received their gear, just before they put on their uniforms.

Prime Minister Netanyahu joined the new recruits for lunch, heard about the positions they are slated for and shared with them his past experiences as an officer in the General Staff Reconnaissance Unit.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the recruits :

"We are facing immense changes. One change that will not change, this is what I am telling you, is our need to defend ourselves because the sometimes the world – what can we do? – is cruel. We live in a place where the weak do not survive, the strong survive. The strong not only prevent wars and win them – they also succeed in bringing in others who will make alliances and peace with them.

This is what is happening to the State of Israel. The State of Israel was a small speck here. It could barely defend itself 75 years ago and today it is already a rising – even major – power in the world.

This depends on one thing, without which there is nothing, it depends on the IDF. If the IDF is strong, the country is strong. And if the country is strong, the future is open to everyone.

I wish you a good service, Watch out for each other and safeguard our country."

Also participating in the visit were the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff, the Director of the National Security Council, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary, the Head of the IDF Personnel Branch and other senior IDF officers.
