Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-negev130923

The Israel Land Council, today, approved the giving of unprecedented discounts in Negev and Galilee communities, as per the directive of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the work of the team of directors general chaired by Prime Minister's Office (PMO) Director General Yossi Shelley.

The Council, chaired by Housing and Construction Minister Yitzhak Goldknopf, approved increasing the ceiling for discounts for purchasing land for residential units for those without housing to up to NIS 850,000 (as opposed to NIS 450,000 today) in order to allow a young population to settle significantly in urban and rural communities in the Negev and the Galilee.

Under the decision, the socio-economic index evaluation as a condition for a discount will be cancelled, which will release numerous impediments to absorbing new residents.

Active reservists will enjoy an additional 10% discount beyond that to which they are currently entitled.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu commended the decision:

"This is a historic decision that can change the demographic map of the State of Israel. We set for ourselves the goal of returning young people to the Galilee and the Negev – and today we took another significant step in realizing this vision. Our wonderful young people will now be able to settle in the length and breadth of the country – at sane prices. We are strengthening the north, the south, the center and the entire State of Israel. I would like to thank Director General Yossi Shelley for the dedicated and successful work in managing the team of directors general. This is fantastic news ahead of Rosh Hashanah."

PMO Director General Shelley:

"The government is continuing to put the periphery front and center. The decision that was made today will ease the cost of living and enable thousands of young people to move to cities and communities in the north and south of the country. We are continuing to work for all citizens of Israel and the hand is still extended. I thank the Prime Minister for outlining the vision and for the confidence in me and the team of directors general that assisted us in formulating this historic decision. A good year and happy holiday to the entire people of Israel."
