Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-democracy290323

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the virtual US State Department Summit for Democracy 2023, which was initiated by US President Joe Biden. Prime Minister Netanyahu participated in the first session, hosted by the Republic of Korea President Yoon Suk Yeol, on the subject of "Democracy Delivering Economic Growth and Shared Prosperity."

Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks at the Summit:

"I want to thank the world leaders and President Biden, who's been a friend of 40 years, for convening this important conference. You know, Israel and the United States have had their occasional differences, but I want to assure you that the alliance between the world's greatest democracy and a strong, proud and independent democracy – Israel – in the heart of the Middle East is unshakable. Nothing can change that. We have worked together, Israel and the United States, to achieve the historic Abraham Accords that made peace between Israel and four Arab states. We are now working together to expand these peace accords further, and they obviously bring increased prosperity to our peoples.

The topic of this forum is 'Democracy and Shared Prosperity.' Now, in my long tenure as prime minister, I've had the opportunity – and as foreign minister – I've had the opportunity to address both issues. Twenty years ago, I led a free market revolution in Israel. Israel was a semi-socialist economy – highly regulated, highly controlled, highly taxed – with very low participation in the workforce, with monopolies, including government monopolies abounding throughout our economy. I proposed changes – radical changes to correct this. This was met with massive protests, with months and months of national labor strikes, with admonitions that this would wreck the Israeli economy, that it would make the rich grow richer and the poor grow poorer. But we persisted. And the results have been very clear.

After these reforms, Israel grew at four to five percent annual growth rate of GDP for two decades. We went from $17,000 GDP per capita to $54,000 GDP per capita according to the IMF. Unemployment went down. Participation in the workforce went up in all sectors dramatically. The Israeli economy has become a player on the global scene, allowing for innovation, enterprise and, of course, participation with many, many other economies and many, many other companies in many countries.

I'm saying this because it's not only that the economy grew and prosperity increased, but shared prosperity increased, because contrary to the predictions that the rich will grow richer and the poor will grow poorer, everybody grew richer. And in fact, the Gini Coefficient that marks inequality went down to its lowest point in 20 years. We achieved prosperity and shared prosperity.

Now, twenty years later, we're engaged in a second public debate. You may have noted Israel is undergoing, in its robust democracy, a very intensive public debate. And the debate is how do we ensure a proper democracy. Democracy means the will of the people as expressed by a majority, and it also means protection of civil rights, individual rights. It's the balance between the two.

I want to assure you that Israel was, is and it will always remain a proud, strong and vibrant democracy, as a beacon of liberty and shared prosperity in the heart of the Middle East.
