Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start220123

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today: "I know that there are several burning issues but as we always say – before everything, the most important thing is health, so we will start with health. We are starting the week with major news for the citizens of Israel in this field. Today, the government will approve adding over 120 new medicines and treatments to the health basket. The new assistance that we will bring, worth an overall NIS 650 million, will help over 350,000 Israelis. We will approve subsidies for eyeglasses for children up to age 7, cancer treatments that are among the most advanced in the world, diabetes medications, an immunization against _herpes zoster_ for at-risk populations and those over 65, and many more. I commend Deputy Prime Minister and Health Minister Aryeh Deri, the members of the basket committee and the people at the Health Ministry for their important work here. From health to security. Last Thursday, I met with US National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan. This visit came at a special time, one of serious challenges to our national security and of serious opportunities for peace with our neighbors. Our talks focused on the regional security challenges, especially Iran, as well as ways for cooperation between us against this common threat. I must say that regarding the meetings, I was impressed that there is a genuine and mutual desire to reach understandings on this issue, which is of decisive importance to the security of the state. The discussions on the issue will be held between Jerusalem and Washington in the coming weeks. And from security to the economy: The State of Israel has successfully completed a major issue of government bonds. The state raised $2 billion from international institutional investors, with demand having reached over $10 billion. Of course, this completely contravenes the campaign of fear that the media is leading against the government. This is not only a campaign of fear; it appears they hope that they will not invest here. This is based on the remarks of former senior officials. The markets are not buying it. Not only are they not buying it, they are going in the complete opposite direction. The world actually believes in our policy, in our overall policy, the general policy and the economic policy in particular. The world actually believes in the State of Israel and in the Israeli economy. It believes in the leadership of the State of Israel and the proof is the huge demand for bonds and the low interest rate that the State of Israel is paying for them. The markets have confidence in us because they know that our economic policy will continue to foster free markets, initiatives and the liberalization of the economy. When I was appointed Finance Minister in 2002, I told a group of foreign investors that I succeeded in bringing here, at the peak of the crisis for the Finance Ministry, 'You should invest in Israel'. Whoever did so profited greatly. Today, as Prime Minister, at the peak of the technological and information age, I tell the international investors again: You should invest in the State of Israel. You will profit greatly."
