Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-fire-fighting300823

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the Rishon LeZion headquarters of the National Fire and Rescue Authority (NFRA), which is marking ten years since it was established as a national rescue agency.

At the start of the visit, NFRA Commissioner Eyal Caspi briefed the Prime Minister on the readiness of the NFRA for the main threats in the coming decade, especially major wildfires and floods, the increase in extreme [weather] days and the effects of the climate crisis on Israeli citizens.

Prime Minister Netanyahu directed the Prime Minister's Office Director General, in cooperation with the Director of the National Security Council, to evaluate solutions for the status of firefighters and the possibility of recognizing the NFRA as a security body.

The Prime Minister also met with the senior firefighting command, visited the national control center and viewed a presentation of tools and operational capabilities used by NFRA elite units.

Prime Minister Netanyahu was also presented with operational responsibilities of the Israel Police airborne unit and received a book that was written in memory of Elad Riben, a firefighter scout, for whom the aerial firefighting squadron – which was established by the Prime Minister following the Carmel disaster – is named.

The book includes a personal dedication from Elad's mother Tzviya Riben, in which she expresses her great appreciation for the Prime Minister and his wife, thanks to whom the aerial firefighting squadron was named after her son, thus enabling him to posthumously realize a dream – of being a pilot and a firefighter.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also spoke with NFRA personnel, officers, firefighters, fire scouts, those doing national service and volunteers, who represent the varied human mosaic of the NFRA.

At the end of the visit, the Prime Minister laid a wreath in memory at the main monument in memory of the 94 firefighters who have fallen in the line of duty.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I have certainly been deeply moved. I see here a great turnaround as compared to the fire and rescue service as I recall how we received it in 2009. This is a different service in terms of its capabilities, organization and technology.

What is permanent is that there is spirit here, a fantastic spirit of voluntarism, of commitment to this sacred mission by all sectors of the Israeli public that are represented here. This is very encouraging. I think that this is also a sign for the future. Thank you very much."

NFRA Commissioner Caspi:

"We will continue our work faithfully in order to see to it that Israel is compact, strong and secure from the threats of fires and floods, and the effects of climate change, in times of routine and in emergencies. Thank you for coming here."

The Prime Minister's Chief-of-Staff and the Prime Minister's Office Director General also took part in the visit.
