Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_sullivan190123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with US National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan. They first held an expanded meeting and afterwards met privately. Prime Minister Netanyahu at the start of the meeting: "Jake, it's very good to see you again in Jerusalem. I've known President Biden for 40 years as a great friend of Israel, and I know how much he trusts you in the matters of national security. And you should know that we see you as a trusted partner in matters of our shared security and of course, advancing peace. Today, you come at a special time because we have acute challenges to our security and vast opportunities for peace. I am convinced that by working together we can both meet the challenges and realize the opportunities. That's something that bolsters our extraordinary alliance but also can change the region and change history. I look forward to our discussion. I just put a little on the plate for one discussion, but I don't think we're exaggerating that. The more we work together, the more we can realize the vast potential for our people, the region and the entire world. Welcome." Prime Minister Netanyahu and US National Security Advisor Sullivan discussed joint efforts to stop the Iranian nuclear program and Iran's actions in the region. The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude for US President Biden's commitment that Iran will not obtain nuclear weapons. They praised the importance of the strategic relationship between Israel and the US and the need to deepen them. They also discussed the next steps to deepen the Abraham Accords and expand the circle of peace, with emphasis on a breakthrough regarding Saudi Arabia. Prime Minister Netanyahu stated that the latest Palestinian moves in the international arena are an attack on Israel and oblige us to respond. Participating in the expanded meeting for the Israeli side were Strategic Affairs Minister Ron Dermer, the Prime Minister's Chief of Staff Tzachi Braverman, National Security Adviser and National Security Council Director Tzachi Hanegbi and Israeli Ambassador to the US Mike Herzog. Participating for the American side were Deputy Assistant to President Joe Biden and the National Security Council Coordinator for the Middle East and North Africa Brett McGurk and US Ambassador to Israel Thomas Nides. Earlier, National Security Adviser and National Security Council Director Hanegbi and US National Security Advisor Sullivan held their first working meeting, during which they agreed on the continuation of the dialogue between the Israeli and US strategic cooperation agencies, chaired by themselves, in order to maintain the professional dialogue on the Iranian issue. They also discussed the continuation of the bilateral strategic technological cooperation. Mossad Director David Barnea also met with US National Security Advisor Sullivan. They discussed their countries' strategic challenges and the great importance of continued cooperation between US and Israeli security agencies in dealing with them. National Security Adviser and National Security Council Director Hanegbi and US National Security Advisor Sullivan also held a virtual meeting with their counterparts from the UAE and Bahrain, Sheikh Tahnoun bin Zayed Al Nahyan and Sheikh Nasser bin Hamad Al Khalifa, respectively. The four declared their commitment to deepen the Abraham Accords and discussed practical steps to advance their joint interests in the region.
