Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start180623

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, made the following remarks: "We are starting the week with a series of missions and a series of achievements. I will start with the missions: Our first mission is to stop the nuclearization of Iran. We have made it clear to our American friends time and again, and I will do so again today, that we oppose the agreements, first of all the original agreement, the JCPOA, which will only pave Iran's way to a bomb and line its pockets with hundreds of billions of dollars. Our persistent opposition has contributed to the fact that the US is not returning to this agreement. We have also told them that the most limited understandings, what are termed 'mini-agreements', do not – in our view – serve the goal and we are opposed to them as well. In any case, we have made it clear, and I reiterate, the State of Israel will do whatever it needs to, with its own means, to defend itself from Iranian aggression both in the nuclear sphere and, of course, through its use of terrorist proxies. The second mission is the cost of living. We have seen that the pace of inflation has slowed and that housing prices are declining, but this is not enough for us. This week, we will hold an additional meeting of the committee on fighting the cost of living. We will lower customs and reduce regulation. We are working to lower prices; this is no small matter. This is thorough and fundamental work. We understand the plight of Israeli citizens; this is our obligation. Just as we acted to bring here a free market and competition and like we acted to extract gas from the sea, we are working to increase competition and reduce regulation in order to lower prices. We will meet periodically, every week or two, and I come to this meeting, together with the ministers, and we will the steps to correct this distortion in the Israeli economy, which by all indicators is a very strong economy. The third mission is the Arab sector. At today's meeting, we are establishing a ministerial committee to deal with the Arab sector. Ours is a government of all Israeli citizens – Jews and Arabs alike. There has been a reduction of the gaps, which must take place in many sectors in Arab society, but our main focus is the fight against crime. Last week, we held a meeting with law enforcement officials. Our goal is to increase the direct involvement of the ISA against the crime families. We will do so responsibly and we will enact the necessary legal changes. Our goal is to achieve results against the wave of crime and the crime families in the coming year. I have four items of very important news: First of all, we promised to advance [the legislation on] electronic ankle bracelets. We resolved the budgetary problem and today it goes to the Ministerial Committee on Legislation and we will advance it. Second, last week we launched the use of the Europe Asia Pipeline Co. as infrastructure for laying international fiber optic cables; this will turn Israel into a global communications center. I would like to thank the Communications Ministry, the Finance Ministry and the Government Companies Authority. This is very significant. This means that communications from the Arabian Peninsula, and I hope from Asian countries as well, will also pass through the State of Israel. This is a very major change. Third, today we are extending the Government will decide to extend Highway 6 22 kilometers northward, until Somekh junction. This is major news for transportation in the State of Israel. I would like to thank the Transportation Ministry for this important decision. And a small item, this morning we announced that agreement has been achieved in principle between Intel and the Finance Ministry on a huge and unprecedented investment by Intel in Israel, in a chip manufacturing plant, that will use the most advanced technology in the world. $25 billion will be invested in this plant, i.e. NIS 90 billion. This is the largest investment ever in the State of Israel. This is an expression of great confidence in the Israeli economy and exactly reflects the strength of the free economy that we have built here, and the technological economy that we are developing here."
