Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start020723

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today: We have a day of good news for all citizens of Israel. The first good news is in education: Education tops our government's list of priorities. It finds expression in the very significant increase in the education budget, the budget that the education establishment received this year. Our working plan is designed to ensure that the children of Israel receive a better education – and they will receive a better education. Our goal is to make the weaker pupils stronger, and the outstanding even more outstanding. Education Minister Yoav Kish will brief us today on our education goals for the coming year. The minister will present a plan, which we discussed upon his appointment as Education Minister, and we said that beyond what happens during regular hours in the classrooms, we want to use the developing internet technology to provide an education that is adapted to every boy and girl. Jews and Arabs, ultra-orthodox ad secular – every boy and girl in Israel, will have the option of enriching their education via study programs in which they take part with the best lecturers and teachers, men and women, and the best learning plans we have, and to place them at the disposal of Israeli children and parents. I want parents to be familiar with this and to encourage their children, and the children will encourage their parents. There is a potential element here that could be revolutionary. That is to say that every pupil will be able to learn better via the most advanced technological tools, including artificial intelligence, which we are working on to introduce to the same internet plan; every boy and girl in Israel will be able to use artificial intelligence. I emphasize: The question is not only if we will have the developers and programmers and creators of algorithms, that is a very small number, but the test of the future economy and society is how many of our boys and girls will be able to use artificial intelligence in a way that will greatly increase their capabilities and their productivity as workers in the economy. Therefore, I would like to take this opportunity, on behalf of all government ministers, to wish our pupils a good summer vacation. Let your parents rest a little if you can. It is very worthwhile. The second good news that we are bringing today is the decision to establish a new community in the Galilee – 'Arbel Heights'. This is a festive day for the State of Israel and for the pioneering families taking root at the site. This is very good news for the strengthening of Jewish settlement in the Galilee, which is very important to all of us. This community is located in a place where there was a community in the Second Temple era and in the time of the Tannaim. You have certainly heard of them and if you have not, come and I will tell you about Nitai the Arbelite. He lived in the community of 'Arbel' at the foot of Mt. Arbel, and we know where this community was. I remind you that this is the fourth community that this government will have established, in addition to the extensive construction that we are advancing throughout our country. I commend Construction and Housing Minister Yitzhak Goldknopf for this important effort. The third news: Today, we are bringing a plan to advance construction in, and the strengthening of, the Druze and Circassian communities. We are going to invest unprecedented efforts and resources in order to close the gaps in housing, planning and development. We are aware of the considerable distress there. We want to deal with it and do so in a way that will really lift the impediments to planning and developing housing in the communities, including advancing new neighborhoods for discharged soldiers and young couples. This is a major problem. People are being discharged from service, sometimes outstanding service, and afterwards they are unable to even buy a room. This shout and cry has reached us and we are dealing with it. This mission will involve all government ministries. And I am convinced that with productive cooperation, we will also succeed in this mission as well. In conclusion, I have two remarks: First of all, the Government views with utmost concern the displays and waves of antisemitism sweeping over France. In recent days, we have witnessed criminal assaults against Jewish targets. We strongly condemn these attacks and we support the French government in its fight against antisemitism. Finally, I would like to commend the Mossad for another counter-terrorist operation in which it thwarted an attempted attack against Israeli targets in Cyprus. The Mossad revealed the assailant, his chain of operatives and his plans. This not only attests to the capabilities of the State of Israel, which are impressive, it is also proof of our determination to fight those who seek our lives everywhere. Since the establishment of this government, we have targeted a record number of terrorists. I have said that they are to be found in one of two places: The grave or jail, mostly the former. We settle accounts with every terrorist and everyone who dispatched terrorists – in Gaza, in Judea and Samaria, in Syria and even in Iran. Let all of our enemies know that we work according to a simple rule: Whoever harms us or tries to harm us, we will harm them and we will also thwart his designs." Prime Minister Netanyahu also praised the achievement of the U-20 national soccer team: "What a great and impressive success! I followed the game from start to finish, with several telephone calls that did not disturb me from watching. Theirs was truly a struggle of spirit and in the end they stood with composure and scored the goal. Good luck!"
