Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-class202623

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Education Minister Yoav Kish, this morning, visited the "Bridges" program class of IDF Intelligence Branch Unit 8200 and the IDF Personnel Branch Education Corps, at the middle school of the ORT Air and Space Technology High School in Maale Adumim. Prime Minister Netanyahu and Education Minister Kish received an in-depth briefing on the "Bridges" program from Col. Einat Albalek from the Education Corps and program commander Lt.-Col. Alon Hachima, who explained that the goal of the program is to expose the pupils to the world of computers and cyber, the world of the future, by giving them a sense of ability and essential tools for the future in order to integrate into industry, military service or anywhere else they choose. The program commander emphasized that the program is open to all children, without selections or threshold conditions. The Prime Minister and Education Minister also heard from the school principal about the how the program has affected the pupils who have participated in it. Prime Minister Netanyahu said that there was a need to have the program become national in scope in order to reach all children in Israel. The Prime Minister and Education Minister then met with pupils in the program who presented their final projects and the IDF non-commissioned officers who teach at the school. Prime Minister Netanyahu to the pupils: "You are doing wonderfully. You have entered the world of tomorrow and have broken through this barrier. This is wonderful. We very much want to commend the education system in Maale Adumim, and in other communities, for introducing these materials into the curriculum. This is the world of the future and it is already here, and the fact that you have overcome the obstacles, impediments and fears, you dove into the pool and suddenly you are discovering that you can swim just like others and maybe even better than them. This is exactly what we wanted to happen. I would also like to thank the instructors and managers, and Unit 8200 and the IDF Education Branch. We want every child in Israel to have the equal opportunity to use these tools. We want to increase this in Hebrew, Arabic and even ultra-orthodox content, that will help every boy and girl. We want everyone to be able to grasp the future today. We will do this; we will advance and we will invest in this. But the most important thing is that you invest in this. You overcame the biggest obstacle and dove into the pool; you are champions." At the conclusion of the visit, Prime Minister Netanyahu awarded certificates of excellence to the program's outstanding pupils. Also participating in the visit were Maale Adumim Mayor Benny Cashriel, Prime Minister's Military Secretary Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil, "Bridges" Program Commander Lt.-Col. Alon Hachima, school Principal Benny Edri, Col. Einat Albalek and senior IDF officers, educators and additional officials.
