Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-tzeelim071123

PM Netanyahu visited the IDF Tze'elim Base, home of the National Ground Forces Training Center, and met with officer cadets, commanders and Egoz Unit soldiers.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the soldiers :

I would like to tell you that what we see on the ground, from the reports the War Cabinet and I receive, and the conversations with commanders and soldiers, it is an extraordinary success. I tell you, the Americans were here. They explained to us what was in Fallujah and what was here and there, and they are amazed at what we have achieved.

True, there are problems. There are UAVs, IEDs and anti-tank fire. That is true. Sometimes there are very painful losses but all in all, the success is phenomenal because we went in there and hit the enemy – this is a great success. We do not intend to stop; we intend to continue to the end.

We rely on you, believe in you and are giving you all the force. We know that you will do everything. Of course, you will watch out for each other – that is the first rule.

You should have all the force, all of the success. Thank you. Learn the lessons; the lessons are very good, with a lot of wisdom. May you succeed; spirit you already have."

Prime Minister Netanyahu was briefed on activity at the Training Center, through which thousands of conscript and reserve soldiers have passed in recent weeks for training by the commanders and division heads ahead of the ground incursion into Gaza.

The Prime Minister also observed an exercise by officer cadets as well as an exhibit of the munitions used by Egoz Unit soldiers, with whom he spoke.

The commanders and soldiers told Prime Minister Netanyahu about the fighting they participated in on the morning of Saturday October 7th and the operations they have taken part in recent weeks.

Also participating in the visit were Training Center commander Brig.-Gen. Kobi Heller, Chief Reserve Officer Brig.-Gen. Benny Ben-Ari and additional commanders.
