Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event_forum280223

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, met with the forum of directors general for the ministries of the 37th Government, chaired by Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley. The Prime Minister held an open discussion with the directors general and called on them to cooperate with each other in order to advance processes and resolve crises. The Prime Minister reviewed the main policies the Government has set in security, personal security, education, transportation infrastructure, deepening and expanding the circle of peace, and in increasing competition and reducing cartelization. Prime Minister Netanyahu also answered questions from the directors general in the various fields relating to managing the country, such as working with local authorities, issues regarding new immigrants and their integration in Israel, regional projects with neighboring countries, the cost-of-living and cartelization.

At the start of his remarks to the government ministry directors general, Prime Minister Netanyahu said:

"In recent days, we have passed the most important challenge – the Government budget. It will reach the Knesset; we will pass it in the Knesset. This is important in and of itself. We always want to pass a budget but – of course – the budget also serves larger goals, some of which are included in the Arrangements Law, some of which will come separately, and some of which are not connected to legislation but are simply connected to getting things done.

Economically, this budget comes as the country's macro-economic situation is better than I can remember. I have passed approximately 18 budgets and I do not remember that we have had an economic situation with a GDP-to-debt ratio close to 80%. We spoke about 72% and there were those who said that we would reach 80%. At the moment, we could go down to 60%, which is an immense achievement. Compare this to the Western world; we have a very great thing here. The second thing that we have is a relatively small deficit. The deficit is small but we always need to leave a layer of defense in case the economy needs it. We are protected for this as well.

This is the result of a basic transition to free market economy, which we have done over the past 20 years. The face of Israel has changed. It had been a semi-socialist economy and now it is among the free economies, one of the most advanced economies in the world. Our nominal GDP per capita has passed that of most Western countries. In nominal GDP per capita has passed those of Japan, Great Britain, France and Germany. This is nominal GDP per capita – it is not expressed in buying power, in PPP because costs in the State of Israel are still too high. Therefore, our goal is to lower them; I will speak about this shortly."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also discussed reducing regulation and said:

"Each one of you has immense surplus regulation. We have launched various process by which we are reducing regulation. They always say 'There is nothing to be done' or 'Bureaucracy'. The sociologist Weber said that it only expands. This was an accepted assumption in the social sciences. Several countries, including ours, have proven that this is not always correct. We can reduce it.

To the extent that you reduce bureaucracy and regulation, you also expand the economy. It is impossible to get rid of regulation, nobody is saying this, but there is surplus regulation and the test for each of you in the ministries of this Government is to reduce your surplus regulation. Get to it, and you must do so, and I propose to set clear goals here."
