Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-commar070923

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, convened the subcommittee on advancing the fight against crime in the Arab sector in Israel.

The Prime Minister was presented with the package of expedited legislation for advancing the fight against crime in the Arab sector, which will facilitate giving technological and administrative tools to the Israel Police, as well as laws to enable more severe economic punishments and the protection of the public against organized crime. Prime Minister Netanyahu directed that the legislative pace for these laws be increased and instructed that a small ministerial team convene forthwith to discuss the issue of cooperation between the Israel Police and the ISA on the use of technological means.

The Prime Minister was also briefed on the handling of violent incidents connected to local elections, and the cooperation between the Israel Police and the ISA in this regard. The Prime Minister directed that a professional team be established – chaired by the Project Manager on Crime in the Arab Sector – to prepare draft decisions for the government on formulating a control and oversight mechanism for the funds of the local authorities.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:

"We are in a genuine war against the severe crime in the Arab sector. The ministerial committee is advancing five very strong laws that will improve our ability to fight organized crime.

Today, I have appointed Roi Kahlon as the project manager who will head the staff for the fight against crime in the Arab sector. I thank the ministers for their cooperation; there is joint work here that is unparalleled. I hope that these laws will be passed in the coming weeks and there will be a special session during the recess to advance them."

Project manager for the fight against crime in the Arab sector Roi Kahlon:

"Dealing with the violence in the Arab sector is one of the most significant challenges facing the State of Israel today. The citizens of the country are dealing with a wave of crime and violence that does not distinguish between men and women, the young and the old, ordinary citizens and elected officials, candidates or council heads.

The appointment of a project manager and the establishment of a special task force led by the Prime Minister's Office sends a loud and clear message: The State of Israel will invest all necessary efforts to deal with the issue. All elements involved in dealing with the national challenge are joining hands in order to defeat this criminal terrorism which devours everything good."
