Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-assessment071223

Prime Minister Netanyahu: "If Hezbollah decides to open an all-out war, then with its own hands it will turn Beirut and southern Lebanon, which are not far from here, into Gaza and Khan Yunis."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Defense Minister Yoav Gallant and IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Herzi Halevi, today, held an assessment at IDF Northern Command Headquarters. Head of Northern Command Maj.-Gen. Ori Gordin, senior Northern Command staff officers and division commanders also participated. Participants reviewed the activity of IDF forces in the northern sector as well as the area intelligence assessment.

The Prime Minister, along with Maj.-Gen. Gordin, then visited an artillery battery in the Upper Galilee, where he spoke with reserve infantry and artillery soldiers, who have been serving on the forward line along the Lebanese border for the past two months.

Prime Minister Netanyahu heard about the soldiers' activity in the area and their readiness to continue ensuring the security of the country.

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the artillery battery in the Upper Galilee:

"I am here with reservists who are showing great spirit in their readiness for battle, to complete the job, to restore security, not only in the south but also in the north. This is our commitment.

This evening we light Chanukah candles. In times of combat, this candle shines light, also out of grief for our heroic sons and daughters who have fallen, for our hostages whom we have not yet returned but whom we will return, for the wounded who are suffering and for the civilians who have also fallen in heroic battles.

But I am impressed by the great spirit here. You have expressed it and I want you to know that this obligates us. The people are proud of you.

I also suggest that our enemies pay attention to this spirit because if Hezbollah decides to open an all-out war, then with its own hands it will turn Beirut and southern Lebanon, which are not far from here, into Gaza and Khan Yunis. We are determined to achieve victory and we will do so with your help."

Prime Minister Netanyahu was accompanied by his Chief of Staff, Tzachi Braverman, and his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil.
