Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-budget271123

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening:

"Upon the outbreak of the war, I directed that all of the taps be opened and that everyone be looked after. This is what we have done since and this is what we are doing today. Today, we are submitting a giant approximately NIS 30 billion budget for a month-and-a-half, for all of the war needs. I will detail: For the IDF; the police; the families of the hostages, the wounded, the fallen and those who were murdered; the families that were evacuated to hotels, small businesses, reservists, the Tekuma Authority, the rehabilitation of the home front, the emergency squads, health needs, social welfare, education and more.

I would like to thank Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich and the people at his ministry, and the Government ministers who worked hard on this budget; a significant, important and – I say – essential budget for the benefit of all citizens of Israel.

Regarding the hostages – we are continuing with the outline that has been agreed to and we are also continuing with our main goal: To bring about the release of our hostages, to complete the elimination of Hamas and – of course – to ensure that this threat will not recur in Gaza. What has been will not be; neither will there be a regime that encourages terrorism, educates for terrorism and pays for terrorism.

The first item for discussion by the Government is the appointment of the Governor of the Bank of Israel. We will extend the tenure of Governor Yaron, who is doing excellent and important work. This is part of the stability of the Israeli economy that has been proven to be very strong and steadfast.

We have challenges but since we have built a strong economy here, we are able to do what we are doing today – pass a NIS 30 billion budget for both military, and civilian and social needs, and, of course, we will prepare for an additional budget later. At the moment, this is the necessary step. I am certain that everyone will also back the decision on the appointment of the Governor. This broadcasts to the markets that, all in all, are reacting optimally to the war situation in which we find ourselves."
