Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start090723

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting, today: "On behalf of the entire government and the people of Israel, I would like to send condolences to the family of Sgt. First Class David Yehuda Yitzhak from Beit El, an Egoz unit soldier who fell in Jenin, and Staff-Sgt. Shilo Yosef Amir from Kibbutz Merav, a Givati Reconnaissance Unit soldier, who was murdered in a terrorist attack near Kedumim. From the depth of its heart, the people of Israel embrace the families and we all salute the security forces that fight terrorism around the clock. I reiterate our policy: Whoever murders Israelis, whoever perpetrates terrorism, will end up in one of two places: Prison or the grave. This is the government's policy and we are implementing it in three ways: First, we settle accounts with the assailants themselves, without exception. Second, we strike those who dispatch terrorists and at terrorist infrastructure. Third, we initiate and use the element of surprise. We determine the timing of our actions, as we did in Operation Shield and Arrow against Islamic Jihad in Gaza, and as we did in the operation against terrorists in Jenin. We are changing the equation and so we will continue. At the same time, we are continuing to fight the cost of living. This week we will reconvene the ministerial committee on the cost of living in order to expedite the legislation, the lifting of regulations and the uniformity of standards between us and Europe – what is good in Europe will be good in Israel. My intention is to hold weekly committee meetings until the [Knesset] recess. We are committed to fighting the cost of living. Today, the Government will approve our participation in the COP28 international climate conference that will be held in the UAE. We are committed to the important international effort to reduce pollution and protect the environment. Today, the Government has requested to receive an update from the Attorney General and the enforcement authorities on the enforcement policy against threats and assaults on elected officials, calls to civil revolt and disobeying the law, blocking roads and illegal strikes. I would like to clarify two things: The right to demonstrate in the framework of the law is sacrosanct for every person and for the public and we strongly condemn any violence against demonstrators from whatever side. This right is reserved both to the opponents of the reform and its supporters. While the government has not considered restricting this right, it has requested to be receive a report on what is the enforcement policy regarding violations of the law that infringe on the basic rights of millions of citizens and which are carried out almost on a daily basis during the demonstrations. These violations find expression in the blocking of main transportation arteries, disrupting the airport, calls to not pay taxes, harassment of public figures and those around them, calls for revolt, organizing refusal to serve in order to shut down entire military units and violating the law in other areas. The public needs to receive an answer to the question: What is the enforcement policy and is it uniform? In a democratic country, there cannot be a situation in which there is one enforcement policy regarding a certain public and a second enforcement policy regarding another public. It is clear to everyone: Selective enforcement is a mortal wound to democracy and to the rule of law; therefore, we have asked the Attorney General to update the government on this topic."
