Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-7oct071024

The Government convened today, in a special mourning session to mark the first anniversary of the events of October 7. At the start of the meeting, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu lit a memorial candle for those who were murdered and who fell on 7 October 2023; the members of the Government observed a moment of silence. The Deputy Cabinet Secretary then read a chapter of Psalms and the Cabinet Secretary recited the prayer for the soldiers of the IDF and for the hostages. The "atrocities film" was also screened. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today: "Members of the Government, citizens of Israel. We are convening today in a special mourning session. One year ago today, at 06:29 in the morning, Hamas terrorists began a murderous surprise assault against the State of Israel and the citizens of Israel. Shortly after this massacre, I said at the Kirya in Tel Aviv: 'We are at war, not an operation, not rounds, but war. We will return intense fire with a force that the enemy is not familiar with, and we will exact from him a price the likes of which he has not known. We are at war and we will win it.' Since that black day, we have been fighting. This is our war of existence – 'the war of redemption.' This is how I would like the war to be called officially. Since that black day, we have been under attack on seven fronts. Our counterattack against our enemies of Iran's axis of evil is a necessary condition to ensuring our future and our security. We will conclude the war when we achieve all of the objectives that we have determined: Toppling Hamas's evil rule, bringing all of our hostages back home – the living and the deceased alike, thwarting any future threat to Israel from Gaza, and returning our residents, in the south and the north, safely to their homes. Today we bow our heads in memory of our brothers and sisters, sons and daughters, parents and the elderly, who were butchered by Hamas terrorists, boys and girls who were murdered in cold blood, men and women who were slaughtered and entire families that were destroyed. Our hearts are with the bereaved families whose loved ones were cut down and whose lives were cruelly changed. Our hearts are with the families of the hostages, who are undergoing hellish afflictions of endless pain and worry over the fate of their loved ones. We will remember forever the faces and the stories, the lives that were lost, the lives that we must still save. We will remember the heroes who fell in battle in Gaza, in Lebanon and in other sectors. Thanks to them, we have turned the enemy back and destroyed most of his capabilities and freed many of our hostages; we are determined to complete the work. We send a prayer for the well-being of our wounded heroes, and we will be grateful from the depths of our hearts for the heroism of our fighting men and women of the IDF and the security services. It is they who stand as a protective wall between the evil of our enemies and the good of our people and our country. These fighters of ours stand between the fate of our people which was slaughtered in previous generations, and our redemption in our country as a strong and fighting people. They are fighting on land, at sea and in the air. They are fighting without hesitation and with endless determination. These fighters are imbued with the spirit of heroism of our people – men and women, conscripts and reservists, army and police, ISA and Mossad. They are determined to ensure our future – they are determined to win. The massacre of October 7 was the most horrific attack on the Jewish people since the Holocaust. But unlike the Holocaust – we have risen up against our enemies and returned intense fire. 'Behold a people that rises up as a lioness, and as a lion does he lift himself up.' [Numbers 23:24] We are changing the security reality in our region, for our children and for our future, in order to ensure that what happened on October 7 does not recur. Never again. With G-d's help, together we will fight, together we will win – 'and the Glory of Israel will not lie.' [I Samuel 15:29]." This morning, at 06:29, the flag at the Prime Minister's Office was lowered to half-mast.
