Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-meeting-200324

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this evening, attended a meeting of the Israel Land Authority Council, chaired by Construction and Housing Minister Yitzhak Goldknopf. It was decided to expand the definition of reserve soldiers eligible for benefits so that reserve soldiers who served over 45 days during the war will also be eligible for the benefits of reserve soldiers – out of high esteem and deep appreciation for IDF reserve soldiers.

It was also decided to increase the benefits given to all reserve soldiers and determine that they will also be eligible for an additional 10% discount from the payment rates that have been determined in national preference areas. The increased regional discount will be in addition to the present discount of up to NIS 100,000 depending on the location of the land and its value. According to the decision, the discount that will be provided to reserve soldiers without housing in most communities in 'A' national preference areas will be up to 90% of the value of the land.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Today is a day of good news because we have promised for some time to bring free, or almost free, land to those serving in the army, our reservists, with emphasis – of course – on combat service. There really is major good news here of 90%, and in some places even 95%. The land itself is almost free. We are aware that there are also development costs. We will now discuss how to also provide the assistance, the subsidy, in the Finance Ministry for the development costs. Of course, this is a major revolution that also makes justice.

Our soldiers are fighting for our land and deserve part of our land. This change is welcome – it is vital for the north and the south, and for other parts of the country. How much more so because we are in the midst of a war and this war is a war for the country, and also a great effort for which we want to provide proper compensation to those who are putting themselves in danger for the existence of us all.

Then I commend you for the decision that you are about to make. We will resolve the remaining problem. We are underway, on a new path. This is good news for those who serve. Thank you very much."
