Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-delegate230724

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his Wife Sara's First Meeting in the US – with Representatives of the Families of the Hostages

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: "We are determined to return them all. The conditions for returning them are becoming ripe, for the simple reason that we are putting very strong pressure on Hamas. We see a certain change, and I think that this change will increase."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, last night, met with the representatives of the families of the hostages who have accompanied them, together with representatives of the families of hostages who are in the US. This was their first meeting in the framework of the diplomatic visit to Washington.

Also participating in the meeting were soldiers who fought on October 7 and who have fought in Gaza, and are also accompanying the delegation, as well as representatives of bereaved families who have lost their sons in the fighting in Gaza and the Western Negev.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"This is an important visit, which will give us the opportunity to bring before the representatives of the American people, and the American people themselves the importance of their support for our efforts, with them, to bring about the release of all of the hostages, the living and the deceased.

Unfortunately, there are the latter. Today we learned about two more, who, as it has become clear to us, are no longer alive.

We are determined to return them all. The conditions for returning them are becoming ripe, for the simple reason that we are putting very strong pressure on Hamas. We see a certain change, and I think that this change will increase. We intend to do this – this is an objective of the war."

Prime Minister Netanyahu after the meeting:

"I am doing everything in my power to combine the necessary humanitarian objective and the imperative to return the hostages, and at the same time, preserve the existence of the State of Israel.

I am not prepared in any way to give in on the victory over Hamas. If we give up on this, we will be in danger in the face of Iran's entire axis of evil.

The decisions that we make are fateful decisions for the future of the State of Israel and the Zionist enterprise.

Regarding the deal, the conditions are becoming ripe, without doubt. This is a good sign and the additional sign is that we see that the enemy's spirit is starting to break.

I believe that if we are steadfast in this, we can achieve a deal. I say in advance that this is a process. Unfortunately, it will not take place all at once; there will be stages. However, I believe that we can advance the deal and leave us in possession of the leverage to bring about the release of the others.

This is the direction in which we are heading.

What I am saying is that things are developing, and giving hope. This hope has been with me since the beginning, together with upholding the mission.

I would like it to be with you as well. I know your terrible hardship, the nightmare you are experiencing, the hell that you are living in.

Do not lose hope; we will realize it."

Also participating in the meeting were the Director of the National Security Council, the Director General of the Prime Minister's Office, the Cabinet Secretary, the Prime Minister's Military Secretary and the Coordinator for the Hostages and the Missing.
