Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-north031124

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the Lebanese Border: "With or without an agreement, the key to returning our residents in the north safely to their homes, is to push Hezbollah beyond the Litani, strike at any attempt to rearm itself and respond vigorously to any action against us."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, toured the Lebanese border together with the Head of Northern Command, Maj.-Gen. Ori Gordin, 91st Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Shai Kalfer and brigade commanders. The Prime Minister held an assessment with the commanders regarding the operational picture as well as defensive and offensive plans for the continuity of activity in the sector.

The Prime Minister also met with reserve commanders the Northern NAHAL Brigade (#228) and spoke with them about their combat to date.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I am here on the northern border. From here one can see and hear the changed reality – aircraft overhead and our heroic fighters on the ground, beyond the border line, eliminating the entire underground terrorist network that Hezbollah had prepared to raid the Galilee and carry out an even bigger massacre than occurred in Gaza. This has not happened.

We are striking all areas in Lebanon. I would like to make it clear: With or without an agreement, the key to restoring the calm and security in the north, the key to returning our residents in the north safely to their homes, is – first of all – to push Hezbollah beyond the Litani. Second is to strike at any attempt to rearm itself. Third is to respond vigorously to any action against us. Simply put, enforcement, enforcement, enforcement – and cutting off Hezbollah's pipeline from Iran through Syria. To all of this we are committed.

Our heroic reservists have an immense part in the achievements we have made. They are putting their lives on hold, leaving their wives and children, and sometimes losing jobs. They are losing friends. But I sat with them just now and I was greatly impressed. One must see their readiness and their fighting spirit. I met with brigade, battalion and company commanders. One of the brigade commanders told me: 'We have the privilege to defend our country. We are making history.'

This spirit of sacrifice and heroism deserves our support. They support us so much and sacrifice so much on behalf of the country; the country should pay them back.

Therefore, I have brought here, to this tour, the Director General of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), to prepare a national Government plan to support the reservists and especially their families. I want to say that their sacrifice and heroism, and that of the regular army, are the foundation to ensuring our future and our country."

The Prime Minister was accompanied by his Chief-of-Staff, Tzachi Braverman, his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Roman Gofman, PMO Director General Yossi Shelley, and his Spokesperson, Dr. Omer Dostri.
