Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-rafah070524

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today:

"Last night, with the consent of the War Cabinet, I directed [that the IDF] act in Rafah. They raised Israeli flags at the Rafah Crossing and took down the Hamas flags.

The entry into Rafah serves two of the main objectives of the war: Returning our hostages and eliminating Hamas.

We have already proven, in the previous release of hostages, that military pressure on Hamas is an essential condition for the return of our hostages. The Hamas proposal yesterday was designed to torpedo the entry of our forces into Rafah. That did not happen.

As the War Cabinet unanimously determined, the Hamas proposal was very far from Israel's core demands.

Israel will not allow Hamas to restore its regime of evil in the Strip. Israel will not allow it to rebuild its military capabilities in order to continue striving for our destruction. Israel cannot accept a proposal that endangers the security of our citizens and the future of our state.

Therefore, I have instructed the ranking delegation that left for Cairo: Continue to insist on the necessary conditions for the release of our hostages. Continue to strongly insist on the demands that are essential for ensuring the security of Israel.

At the same time, we are continuing the war on Hamas. The taking of the Rafah Crossing today is a very important step, an important step on the way to destroying Hamas's remaining military capabilities, including the elimination of the four terrorist battalions in Rafah, and an important step to damaging Hamas's governing capabilities, because as of this morning, we have denied Hamas the crossing that was vital to establishing its terrorist regime in the Strip.

I would like to send heartfelt condolences to the families that have lost their loved ones in recent days.

I salute our brave soldiers for perfectly carrying out the mission, for their fighting spirit and their heroism for everything they have done – and for what they will yet do.

I warmly embrace them on behalf of all citizens of Israel.

Together we will fight, and with G-d's help – together we will win."
