Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-tnuva080124

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Economy Minister Nir Barkat visited the Tnuva Galilee plant in the Kiryat Shemona southern industrial zone, where they held a meeting with a forum of industrialists and factory owners from the north. Prime Minister Netanyahu and Economy Minister Barkat, together with Manufacturers Association of Israel President Ron Tomer, heard from the factory owners and industrialists in the area about their activity during the war, the various difficulties, and the dedicated workers who are continuing to arrive for work after having been evacuated from their homes. The factory owners and industrialists also emphasized the importance of local blue-and-white [domestic] production and the allocation of growth budgets so that they can stay at the technological forefront. Prime Minister Netanyahu to the factory owners and industrialists: "First of all, thank you. I would like to thank you, Nir, and of course you Ron, and each one of you, first of all for you presence on the ground, in all its meaning. It is possible to move but we do not want to move. We want to restore everything. First and foremost, this is a security commitment to the residents. While this has implications for you, we are in a major fight to restore security. The test for the restoration of security is that residents will return to their homes. We are working on this with every possible tool, on all channels: Military, diplomatic – I will not go into detail. This is another fight. At the same time, we are also looking at you. Yesterday, we passed a major package for the reservists, but note that it also has a package for the self-employed. We provided resources in yesterday's Government decision so that the money will flow immediately, because we are very concerned lest businesses be hurt. At the moment, the assistance that you are receiving is yours by right, simply by right, because you have no part in what happened. You are not responsible for it; the state is. Accordingly, we will do whatever is possible to help you." Prime Minister Netanyahu was accompanied by his Chief of Staff, Tzachi Braverman, his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil, Kiryat Shemona Mayor Avichai Stern, Tnuva Chairman Haim Gavrieli, Tnuva CEO Gadi Cunia and Prime Minister's Office Deputy Director General for the Economy and Infrastructures Amir Barkan.
