Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-delegation100324

At the Directive of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Minister of Foreign Affairs Israel Katz: Special Delegation of Hostages' Families to Depart This Evening for the UN Security Council Discussion in New York Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , spoke with Minister of Foreign Affairs Israel Katz and wished him success ahead of his trip to New York this evening for the UN Security Council discussion on the findings of the report on Hamas's severe sex crimes on October 7.

Prime Minister Netanyahu emphasized that the request of the US, Great Britain and France to convene the Security Council immediately is an unprecedented accomplishment that was achieved thanks to the extensive diplomatic efforts led by Minister of Foreign Affairs Katz.

Minister of Foreign Affairs Katz thanked the Prime Minister for his backing and assistance, and consulted with him actions to take in order to advance an official UN declaration that Hamas is a terrorist organization and the imposition of personal sanctions on the leaders of Hamas.

Minister of Foreign Affairs Katz will take with him dozens of family members of hostages being held by Hamas, who will participate in the Security Council discussion and meet with the author of the report, UN Special Representative on Sexual Violence in Conflict Pramila Patten.

Coordinator for the Hostages and the Missing Brig.-Gen. (Res.) Gal Hirsch will accompany the visit.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I commend, and wish success to, all members of the delegation in the national effort to release our hostages and in the fight for our Israel's just position."

Minister of Foreign Affairs Katz:

"I thank Prime Minister Netanyahu for his backing and assistance. We indeed accomplished an important diplomatic achievement with the immediate convening of the Security Council; however, we are not stopping here. The findings of the report which describe what happened to our women on October 7 is the most severe item that has been tabled in the UN regarding the State of Israel. The religious leadership of Hamas gave orders to murder, rape and desecrate the bodies of our daughters. The hostages' families will stand beside me in order to remind the UN Secretary General and the entire world: The people of Israel will not tolerate what happened and will not relent until the UN declares Hamas a terrorist organization."
