Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-ceremony120524

PM Netanyahu to Independence Day Torchbearers: "You represent the heroes of the spirit and of action among our people. We will defeat our enemies; we have no other choice. We will stand together. This can only be done together."

PM Netanyahu and Transportation Minister Regev, who is responsible for the torchlighting ceremony, today , at the Knesset, met with the people who will carry the torches on Israel's 76th Independence Day.

The Prime Minister was impressed by the torchbearers' activism and extraordinary contributions to the security and resilience of Israel.

This year, 44 torchbearers will light 12 torches: The torch of the security forces, the torch of the emergency services, the torch of the rescuers, the torch of the immediate response squads, the torch of the public diplomacy front, the torch of the shield, the torch of hope, the torch of medicine and rehabilitation, the torch of victory of the spirit, the torch of giving, the torch of the Diaspora and the twelfth torch that will burn without bearers to symbolize the hostages in Gaza who have yet to return home.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"You represent the heroes of the spirit and of action among our people. On the eve of Independence Day, we are about to celebrate the 76th Independence Day of the State of Israel. In the War of Independence, we were the size of a grain of sand – 600,000 people along the coast, with out backs to the sea, without weapons.

By the way, there was a US embargo then, [we were] without means, and opposite us were five Arab armies – and we won. How did we win? With heroes of the spirit and of action. With the spirit of our people. That was our secret weapon, we have no other weapon. There is, but without this weapon, there is nothing. This is what you represent today.

Today, we are much stronger; however, the desire to destroy us has not changed. It existed then, it exists today and it will vex our people for many years. What has changed is our ability to take war to our enemies. This is what has changed.

80 years ago, we suffered the worst disaster ever because we had no defensive force. We did not have the ability to repel those who wanted to destroy us. Today we have. It started in the War of Independence and it continues today. This is the greatest change in the history of the Jewish People. The State of Israel, the IDF, the Israeli security services and the spirit of the citizens of Israel, all of them, Jews and non-Jews together, who join together to repel the attack, and that is what we are doing and will continue to do.

We will defeat our enemies; we have no other choice. We will stand together. This can only be done together. As we did then, so will we are doing today. But what finds expression here is not only the military confrontation, which also found expression certainly on the day itself and even though they attacked us, and surprised us, people mobilized, citizens, women, men, policemen and policewomen. This story is simply unbelievable, what happened there. And we immediately went over to the attack – and the heroes, our heroic soldiers, are fighting there.

I have met with the families of the fallen. I have met with the wounded, people who have lost arms and legs. One young man, not one, one after the other: 'I am waiting for a prosthesis because I want to return to the fighting. I am going back to my friends to fight.' This is the spirit. We are fighting with everything we have. I have told our American friends: If necessary, we will fight with our fingernails. We have much more than fingernails.

The main thing we have is what is represented here in this room and which will be presented at the ceremony – the heroism and strength of the spirit. The heritage of generations, the understanding that we are – in effect – fighting for our land, for the future of our existence. I would like to congratulate you; you magnificently represent this spirit. Go and succeed and together we will continue to ensure the eternity of Israel."

Transportation Minister Regev:

"I regard this ceremony with awe and anticipation because it is the most important official ceremony of the State of Israel, which not only the Israeli society will be watching but the entire world. There is no doubt that every year we need to fly the flag from the top of the flagpole. And those who ask me, including certain families, why hasn't the ceremony been cancelled this year – especially this year, I will not let Hamas win.

Especially this year, we will recount all of the stories of the heroism of the people sitting here and who represent hundreds of people who are fighting today, including now in the north, the south, and in Judea and Samaria, including all those involved in acts of lovingkindness and mutual guarantee. Therefore, the torch ceremony will be held. The ceremony will be balanced and will express the bereavement and the pain, but also the hope and the optimism."

Also participating in the meeting were the Prime Minister's Chief-of-Staff, Tzachi Braverman, head of ceremonies Galit Wahba Shasho and members of the selection committee.
