Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-training230124

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today (Tuesday, 23 January 2024), visited the Elyakim IDF base where he met with cadets in the company commanders training course, both conscripts and reservists.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"My main expectation is nothing less than total victory. There is no substitute for victory. I hear in the studios, analysts and all kinds of commentators: 'It is impossible' and 'It is not necessary.' It is possible and it is necessary, neither do we have a choice. Total victory.

These monsters will be thoroughly defeated to the end. There is no substitute for victory. This is my main expectation and I hope and am certain that it is also yours."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"What is important, in my view, is your spirit. Your spirit is the spirit of the people of Israel, of the citizens of Israel.

I want you to know that I rely on you and I believe in you. I know that it is not simple to be a commander. It is not simple because suddenly you laden yourselves with responsibility – to carry out the mission and to do so in the best way possible.

But each one of you carries on your shoulders the destiny of the people of Israel and of the State of Israel. This is no exaggeration. Today each one of you understands this. I wish you much success. May you be excellent commanders."

Prime Minister Netanyahu was briefed by Training Center Deputy Commander Col. Sharon Eltit. The Prime Minister heard about the training regimen of the company commanders course, which trains the future officers of IDF company commanders, who in two-and-a-half months will take up their posts in the training sphere and in leading the soldiers and the fighting at the front.

Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke with the course cadets and answered their questions about the progress of the fighting, and the policy regarding activity in the various sectors: South, North, and Judea and Samaria.

The Prime Minister was accompanied by his Chief of Staff, Tzachi Braverman, and his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil.
