Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-visit220224

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the Fighters of the IDF Alpinist Unit and the 53rd Battalion on Mt. Hermon: "Hezbollah must understand – we will restore security." Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the IDF Alpinist Unit and the 188th Brigade , which are stationed on Mt. Hermon.

The Prime Minister received an operational briefing from 210th Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Zion Ratzon and Alpinist Unit Commander Lt.-Col. (Res.) M, and spoke with the commanders about their operations in the sector. The commanders briefed the Prime Minister on the forces along the northern front and discussed future possibilities in the sector of the 188th Brigade, which moved north from Gaza approximately one week ago.

Prime Minister Netanyahu then met with Alpinist Unit and 188th Brigade commanders and soldiers and heard from them about their activity in the sector since the start of the war and their willingness to continue fighting.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the soldiers:

"First and foremost, I am pleased to see you. The division commander and your commanders just briefed me on your activity and, first of all, I would like to salute you. You have been doing exceptional work since the start of the war, from the south to the north, and we are at war.

In effect, we are in one battle from Gaza and Rafah to Mt. Hermon, and in between we are also fighting terrorism around the country, as happened today. First of all, I would like to send condolences to the family of the man who was murdered, and – of course – my best wishes for a recovery to the wounded.

In the south, we have one simple goal: Total victory. We are on the way to eliminating Hamas and releasing our hostages. We will not relent until we achieve total victory.

In the north, we have a simple goal: To return the residents. In order to do that, we need to restore the sense of security. In order do that, we must restore security – and this will be achieved. We will not relent here. We will achieve this in one of two ways: Militarily – if necessary; diplomatically – if possible. In any case, Hezbollah needs to understand – we will restore security. I hope that this message will be understood there.

You are part of this message. The entire people of Israel are behind you, are proud of you and believe in you."

The Prime Minister was accompanied by his Chief-of-Staff, Tzahi Braverman, National Security Council Director Tzahi Hanegbi, Prime Minister's Office Director General Yossi Shelley and his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil.
