Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-north080124

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Economy Minister Nir Barkat, today, visited the IDF 769th 'Hiram' Brigade, which is waging a defensive battle on the northern border.

769th Brigade Commander Col. Avraham Marciano briefed the Prime Minister on the operations of the 92nd Division over the past three months in the north. The Prime Minister also held a dialogue with conscript and reserve battalion and company commanders, who reported to the front line on October 7 and have been carrying out a defensive mission, have thwarted dozens of terrorist cells and have attacked infrastructure of the Hezbollah terrorist organization.

Prime Minister Netanyahu also visited the 769th Brigade command center where he was briefed on the situation and observed the functioning of the command center in wartime.

The Prime Minister and the Economy Minister also met with a group of soldiers from the Devora Unit, who are living in the north, but whose families have been evacuated, and heard from them about the need for security and stability in the sector in order for the residents to be able to return to their homes.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the soldiers [translated from Hebrew]:

"I chose to come to Kiryat Shemona on a day when we are being fired on with anti-tank rockets. I greatly appreciate the service that you and your friends are doing here to defend our northern border and also to send a message to Hezbollah.

Hezbollah made a big mistake with us in 2006 and it is also doing so now. It thought that we were like 'spider's cobwebs'. Suddenly it sees what kind of 'spider'. It sees great force here, the unity of the people, the determination to do everything necessary to restore security to the north. I tell you – this is my policy.

We will do everything to restore security to the north and allow your families –because many of you are from here – to return home in safety and to know that we are not to be trifled with. We will do whatever is necessary. Of course, we prefer that this be done without a wide-ranging campaign, but that will not stop us.

We have given it an example of what is happening to its friends in the south; this is what will happen here in the north. We will do everything to restore security."

The Prime Minister was accompanied by his Chief of Staff, Tzachi Braverman, and his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil.
