Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-conference100424

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, convened a discussion on the issue of foreign workers.

Pursuant to a directive from the Prime Minister, intensive staff work – led by Prime Minister's Office (PMO) Director General Yossi Shelly – was carried out in order to facilitate a large increase in the quantity of foreign workers in Israel, lower the cost of living and significantly reduce the bureaucracy and friction between it and the business sector while improving supervision and oversight of the employment of foreign workers and safeguarding of their rights.

Following the discussion, Prime Minister Netanyahu instructed that a decision on the issue be submitted to the Government next week. This decision will determine the scope of foreign workers in Israel and an adjustment mechanism in case of severe unemployment in the economy that would affect the employment of Israelis. It was also determined that the Government will authorize a committee of director generals, chaired by the PMO Director General to allocate the quota between the various branches of the economy according to the need raised by government ministries from economic officials.

A significant reduction in fees and charges paid by employers to approve the employment of foreign workers is expected, which is due to be passed on to consumers in construction, agriculture, industry and other sectors. Resources will also be directed to increasing supervision and enforcement and dealing with foreign workers, which will also facilitate the easing of the regulatory burden on employers.

It will also be noted that thanks to the joint financing of the PMO, the Finance Ministry and the Construction and Housing Ministry, it was agreed approximately one week ago on the arrival of over 6,000 workers from India during April and May, on an "air shuttle" following the subsidizing of the charter flights. This is the largest number of foreign workers arriving in Israel for the construction sector in a short time.

Participating in the meeting were the Finance Minister, the Interior Minister, the Welfare and Social Affairs Minister, the Construction and Housing Minister, the Cabinet Secretary, the PMO Director General, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Director General, the Economy Ministry Director General, the Interior Ministry the Labor Minister Director General, the Justice Ministry Director General, the Transportation Ministry Director General, the Housing and Construction Ministry Director General, the Labor Ministry Director General, the Chairman of the National Economic Council, the Agriculture Ministry Director General and the Director of the Population and Immigration Authority.
