Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-holocaust030524

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Efforts to Return the Hostages, at a Meeting with the Holocaust Survivors who will Serve as Torchlighters at Yad Vashem: "We are determined to return all of them – both the living and the deceased. We do not forget any

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, yesterday evening, at the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem, met with the Holocaust survivors who will serve as torchlighters at the official opening ceremony for Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Day at Yad Vashem. Cabinet Secretary Yossi Fuchs, Yad Vashem Chairman Danny Dayan and the survivors also attended the meeting.

At the emotional meeting, the Prime Minister and his wife heard the survivors' Holocaust stories, and about their aliyah to Israel and their families.

[All quotes below are translated from Hebrew.]

Izi (Itzhak) Kabilio, an 88-year old Holocaust survivor from Yugoslavia, said that, first and foremost, what happened must not be forgotten and added, "Today, the State of Israel is the one and only haven of the Jewish People. If somebody ever thinks that the USA could be a haven, with what is happening there today, we see that it is no longer the case. Therefore, we must strengthen the state." Prime Minister Netanyahu thanked him for his remarks and emphasized that they were very precise.

Sara Netanyahu noted that she is the daughter of a survivor who made aliyah before the war, and that her father was the only member of his entire family who survived. "I very much agree with the definition that this was the Holocaust of the Jewish People."

Arie Eitani, a 97-year-old Holocaust survivor from Italy, said: "At the age of 18, in the ghetto, only a weakened population remained, and out of all of them, only I returned. I am asked 'Why?' and I do not know. I was not wiser, more religious or stronger. I do not know how I survived."

Eitani added: "I was also imprisoned in Syria, and in Cyprus, and I escaped. I was in prison for two months. I was in enough prisons and I retain only one aspiration, Mr. Prime Minister, bring back the hostages. It greatly disturbs me, and drives me crazy. Thar is it sir, bring back the hostages. Please."

Prime Minister Netanyahu replied: "We are making great efforts. We have already returned half, when many people believed that we would not bring back even one. I can tell you that we are determined to return all of them – both the living and the deceased. We do not forget anyone."
