Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-netzarim191124

The Prime Minister and the Defense Minister were briefed by 99th Division Commander Yoav Broner and the Head of Southern Command, Maj.-Gen. Yaron Finkleman, at an observation point in the corridor.

PM Netanyahu and Defense Minister Katz spoke with the reserve brigade commanders, on the Gaza coast. The brigade commanders reviewed operational activity as well as their achievements and challenges in directing the fighting.

The Prime Minister expressed great appreciation for the determination and the professionalism of the commanders and the fighters in the field, including the achievements in eliminating Hamas's military force.

Prime Minister Netanyahu :

"I am here on the Gaza coast with the Defense Minister, the IDF Chief-of-Staff, the ISA Director and our heroic commanders and soldiers, who are doing amazing work here. Here in the center of the Strip and throughout the Strip, they have achieved excellent results toward our important objective – Hamas will not rule in Gaza. We are eliminating its military capabilities in very impressive fashion. We are moving on to its governing abilities, and we are not yet done. Hamas will not be in Gaza.

We are also making an effort from here and everywhere to locate our hostages and bring them back. We are not relenting here. We will continue to do so until we bring them all back, both the living and the deceased.

I want to say to those who are holding our hostages: Whoever dares to harm our hostages – will pay the price. We will pursue you and we will find you.

To those who want to leave this entanglement I say: Whoever brings us a hostage, will find a safe way out for himself and his family. We will also give $5 million for every hostage. Choose, the choice is yours but the result will be the same. We will bring them all back.

I reiterate: Our soldiers and commanders are doing amazing work. I would like to specially note the reservists and their families, who are giving them great backing. They are doing more and more service here, round after round, and are achieving incredible results for the people of Israel. I salute you. The people of Israel salute you."

Prime Minister Netanyahu then held an assessment with the Gaza Division about the operational achievements and the continued development of the war.

The Prime Minister was accompanied by his Chief-of-Staff, Tzachi Braverman, his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Roman Gofman, Deputy Director of the National Security Council, Gil Reich, and his Spokesperson, Dr. Omer Dostri.
