Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-indeday130524

"Dear citizens of Israel,

Seventy-six years ago, in the War of Independence, we stood alone. We were few against many. Five Arab armies invaded our land to annihilate the fledgling state. We were short on arms, had little resources. Yet we had one secret weapon: the spirit of generations, the life force of an age-old people that refuses to die, a nation that stood up against those who would destroy it. As is written in Psalms: "I shall not die, but live." It is thanks to this spirit that we prevailed over our enemies and secured our existence. Today we are immeasurably stronger, but the desire to destroy us has not disappeared. It is still here.

We saw this on October 7. This year's Independence Day is not like any other year's independence day. The war is still raging. It was forced upon us on that dark day of the horrendous massacre. Many of our brothers and sisters are still being held in the dungeons of Hamas. Their families are suffering greatly. We will bring them all home, the living and the dead.

Residents from the north and the south are still evacuated from their homes because of the war. We will return them home safely. Our best fighters fell in heroic battles. The bereaved families suffer the anguish of loss. The wounded are coping with the injuries of battle with incomparable dignity. I embrace everyone with love. I wish a speedy recovery to the wounded. When I meet many of them and with the families of the fallen, they say: "Our heroes did not die in vain, they were not wounded in vain. Do not stop until the Hamas monsters are eradicated." And I promise: That is what we will do.

Although this is not a regular Independence Day, it is a special opportunity for us to realize the significance of our independence. Independence means being a free people in our country, having the freedom to defend ourselves by ourselves and the sovereignty to satisfy the behest of generations: never again!

We are doing all this together. Just like our courageous soldiers fight together, shoulder to shoulder, in tanks and armored vehicles, in tunnels, in aircraft and navy vessels. At the moment of truth, the entire country took up arms. What an incredible generation we have, a generation of triumphant heroes.

The torches that we set ablaze this evening will shine a bright light on the miracle that is our country. They recount, in flames, the story of our incredible nation. We will raise our flags and torches in honor of our nation:In honor of the Israelis who run towards danger to save others;In honor of the men and women who are fighters, commanders, police officers, members of the security forces—they have all added new links to the chain of valor of our country's defenders;In honor of the Druze, Christian, Muslim, Bedouin and Circassian soldiers. We are all proud Israelis. We are brothers!;In honor of the dedicated reservists, who want to fight until we achieve victory;In honor of the families on the home front, who provide support for the men and women at the front;In honor of the emergency and rescue services who saved the lives of so many;In honor of the tens of thousands of citizens who attend the funerals of lone soldiers;In honor of the volunteers who envelope the IDF soldiers with love;In honor of our brothers and sisters in the Diaspora and in honor of our non-Jewish friends who stand at the frontlines against antisemitism with their heads held high;

In honor of our beloved nation, "The people will arise like a lion cub; and raise itself like a lion," and to the glory of the State of Israel!"
