Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-1summary110224

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: "The achievements of the IDF are very impressive. We are on the way to victory. It is within reach. It is a difficult battle, but one we are winning."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the ministers of the Government of Israel, today, visited base of the IDF Yahalom Unit where they received a security briefing on the war from IDF Chief-of-Staff Lt.-Gen. Herzi Halevi and additional commanders.

The Chief-of-Staff briefed the ministers about the combat in the Gaza Strip and discussed both the impressive military achievements to date and the plans for the continuation of the fighting. 162nd Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Itzik Cohen and Palmachim Air Base Commander Brig.-Gen. Omri Dor briefed the ministers about the combined air-ground incursion being carried out by the IDF in the Gaza Strip in a way that is without parallel in the world.

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the conclusion of the security briefing:

"First, I would like to thank the Chief-of-Staff and the commanders, also for the presentation, which is mainly about the achievements which are impressive by any international standard. The achievements of the IDF are very impressive.

We are on the way to victory. It will take time as it has been said correctly. But – contrary to what is being said – it will not take years. It is within reach. It is a difficult battle, but one we are winning.

We want, in effect, to bring about the demilitarization of the Gaza Strip. This requires our security control and our comprehensive security responsibility over all territory west of the Jordan River, including the Gaza Strip. There is no alternative to this in the foreseeable future.

We are also saying this to the international community, and to the President of the US, and to all leaders. There is no alternative to this.

This is to say, security control will always be ours, and if this requires a presence inside, then there will be a presence inside. If it requires that we be able to go in anywhere, as the IDF is capable of going anywhere, at any time, this will be said here and this will also be the case in the future.

This requires maximum internal unity; I hope that we will succeed in preserving this.

The goal is no less than the victory we have been discussing. It is within reach. It requires that we also withstand the increasing pressure. I must tell you the truth: They are increasing, and each one of you who comes into contact with foreign elements can tell about this, each one in his or her own way.

But the most important thing is to adhere and cling to the goal – and the goal is victory. Not a half victory, not a three-quarters victory but victory over all of Hamas. I believe that with G-d's help, and with our united forces, we can achieve this. In light of what you have seen today, I think that you also are filled with confidence and pride in our soldiers, commanders and achievements."

Prior to the briefings, the ministers visited the IDF Immanuel Base where they were shown operational presentations from the fighting in Gaza in the context of which they were briefed on the activities of the Yahalom Unit, the fighting in the underground tunnels, the activity of the 9900th Intelligence Unit and intelligence findings from inside the Gaza Strip, which serve the security forces in deriving additional intelligence to assist the progress in the fighting in Gaza.

Prime Minister Netanyahu directed that the Chief-of-Staff hold an additional security briefing focusing on the northern sector.
