Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-condolences290124

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, in Rahat, paid a condolence call at the family home of the late IDF Sergeant First Class (Res.) Ahmad Abu Latif, who fell in battle in the Gaza Strip.

The Prime Minister heard from family members about Ahmad's special and unique personality, and his heroism. His father Tewfik told about how his son always hosted soldiers at their home and told them: This is your home, this is your homeland. Ahmad's brother Kaid said that Ahmad believed in the unity of the people and its shared destiny, and that the current war had underscored this, that we were all together in the campaign. Kaid suggested memorializing his late brother by awarding the Prime Minister's Prize to pioneering research in the shared existence of Jews and Arabs in Israel.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the family:

"There is a very interesting phenomenon that the public, I always say, has very refined senses. Even though they did not know Ahmad, but only saw a picture or heard some sentence, they absorb it immediately. Because of this, the entire people of Israel came here.

All citizens of Israel are coming here. I want to tell you that this truly reflects a very deep thing that happened here. This brotherhood and this partnership, that we know that we are fighting for the home of us all, and that people have fallen. Ahmad fell for the home of us all. He said this and expressed this even while he was alive.

I mourn this loss together with you, with his wife, with little Mansura, with the grandfather, the family and the siblings. I mourn together with you, I know what it is to lose a brother; I also saw my parents in their moments of sorrow. But the people here are very united, and this is a turning point.

I think that your suggestion is very interesting. I think that it must be advanced. There is an example here, I am not just saying this – Ahmad was an example. I also see the spirit and the light that it gives, genuine light, a good soul.

I visited the Desert Reconnaissance Battalion. One of the Bedouin officers told me: 'On the way to the area adjacent to the Gaza Strip, I saw a woman who had been beheaded. It is against this that we are fighting.' That is what he said. 'Against this we are fighting.' Against this we are fighting – fighting together.

This sense of 'together' needs to be expressed now with even greater intensity. There is a great contribution – unity – to heroes like Ahmad because it affects the entire public. It penetrates through to the heart, together.

The state is a diamond. It is a diamond that will also be in time of peace – but without the monsters.

I would like to thank you all. I would like to thank you and the mother; she is in deep sorrow."
