Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-visit140324

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the IDF Ofer Base where he met with commanders and soldiers from the 636th Field Intelligence Unit.

Unit Commander Lt.-Col. G briefed the Prime Minister on the efforts of the largest battalion in the IDF, both the combat intelligence soldiers and the work of the field observers who serve as the eyes of all Central Command sectors – the Judea and Samaria Division and the Jordan Valley Brigade.

Prime Minister Netanyahu observed an exhibition of the unit's field intelligence and combat equipment, including UAVs and war materiel. He also spoke with the soldiers and field observers, who told him about their activity in the fighting in Gaza, and in Judea and Samaria.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the soldiers and field observers [translated from Hebrew]:

"The development of your work is very impressive. It greatly assists the combat forces and it strikes the enemy. In effect, you are the eyes of the fighting force, and this gives a tremendous advantage. First of all, I would like to thank you and your commander for the important work.

Your friends are still being held hostage by Hamas. We are doing everything to free them and the other hostages. This is a sacred mission; your mission is also sacred. We are determined to win – to achieve total victory.

Even as you and the IDF are preparing to continue fighting, there is international pressure to prevent us from entering Rafah and completing the work. As Prime Minister of Israel, I reject this pressure. We have been doing this successfully for five months already; this is record time in the history of Israel's wars. I will continue to reject the pressure. We will enter Rafah. We will complete the elimination of Hamas's battalions. We will restore security and we will bring total victory for the people of Israel and State of Israel.

I would like to thank you for your important part in this. Thank you very much. Keep observing, flying and attacking."

The Prime Minister was accompanied by his Chief-of-Staff Tzachi Braverman, his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Avi Gil, Head of Central Command Staff Brig.-Gen. Roi Shetrit, Judea and Samaria Division Commander Brig.-Gen. Yaki Dolf, and 636th Field Intelligence Unit Commander Lt.-Col. G.
