Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-recruitment160424

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to New IDF Recruits: "The most important thing we have is the spirit. It is the readiness that I see in your eyes, in our commanders, in our army, in our people. I rely on you and I stand by you."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , at the IDF induction center at Tel Hashomer, met with IDF recruits slated for Golani Brigade and Givati Brigade combat positions.

The Prime Minister met the recruits as they received their gear, before putting on their uniforms; he then spoke with them and answered their questions.

Prime Minister Netanyahu to the recruits:

"I spoke with some of you. I saw the physical and mental readiness. You have a great merit today: You are joining the IDF, the splendid combat positions, in order to repel a brutal enemy, the monsters who attacked us. We are striking them back without mercy and we will defeat them.

You want to win? You are prepared to fight? That is exactly what is needed. Good friends have fallen in this campaign. They fell so that we could achieve this victory. There are three objectives: One – to eliminate Hamas. Two – to return the hostages. And three – to ensure that Hamas never again constitutes a threat to Israel.

This is part of a greater campaign, you see this. Iran stands behind Hamas, behind Hezbollah and behind others, but we are determined to win there, and to defend ourselves in all sectors.

What is most important is the spirit. It is the readiness that I see in your eyes, in our commanders, in our army, in our people, and I rely on you. I rely on you and I stand by you. I remember, I was here a few years ago. It is the same spirit that continues before us and after us, that continues with you, and with G-d's help, together we will win. This is the most important thing that you will remember. Your friends, some of whom you met just now, this is 'together', and with it we will win. Then watch out for each other and watch out for the country; together we will win."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also met with lone soldiers, new olim who came to Israel specially to enlist, graduates of pre-military academies, a recruit from a bereaved family and recruits who have been affected by the war.

Prime Minister Netanyahu after the meeting [translated from Hebrew]:

"There are amazing stories, determination and commitment to the people of Israel and the State of Israel here. This is very moving. I am moved to be here with the grandson of Miriam Peretz, whose father and uncle fell in defense of the state and today he is joining the Golani Brigade. There is no stronger expression than what I heard from you, and what I see here among the other young people, these heroes, about our willingness to defend ourselves, by ourselves, and with the help of the special spirit of the people of Israel. This is what we see here."

Also participating in the visit were the Prime Minister's Chief-of-Staff, his Military Secretary, the Head of the IDF Personnel Directorate, and additional senior IDF officers.
