Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-kidnapped050524

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today:

"I would like to comment on the tendentious media reports that are damaging the negotiations for the release of the hostages, as well as causing needless suffering to the families of the hostages that are enduring a nightmare. My heart goes out to them.

Contrary to these reports, it is Hamas that is holding up the release of our hostages. We are working in every possible way to free the hostages; this is our top priority.

Israel has been, and still is, ready for a pause in the fighting in order to free our hostages. This is what we did when we freed 124 hostages, and resumed fighting – and this is what we are ready to do today as well.

In recent weeks, we have been working around the clock to formulate an agreement that would return our hostages. And then, totally contrary to the reports, in order to achieve this goal, we have given the negotiating team a very broad mandate to move forward on the release. We did so out of a deep commitment to the hostages, and in order to end the terrible suffering of the families.

Throughout the negotiations, Israel has shown a willingness for significant movement, which has been described by US Secretary of State Blinken and others as 'very generous.'

But while Israel has shown this willingness, Hamas has still held to its extreme positions, first and foremost the withdrawal of our forces from the Strip, the conclusion of the war and leaving Hamas intact.

The State of Israel is not willing to accept this. We are not willing to accept a situation in which Hamas's battalions leave their tunnels, reestablish control over the Strip, rebuild their military industries and go back to threatening the citizens of Israel in the communities of the Western Negev, the cities of the south and throughout the country.

In such a case, the next October 7 would only be a matter of time. Hamas would be able to realize its promise to carry out repeated massacres, rapes and abductions.

Our heroes fell for this? We have paid the heaviest of prices for this?

The answer is – no!

Capitulating to Hamas's demands would be a terrible defeat for the State of Israel.

It would be a great victory for Hamas, Iran and the entire axis of evil.

It would exhibit terrible weakness to our friends, and to our enemies.

This weakness would only bring closer the next war and it would push off the next peace agreement because alliances are not made with the weak and the defeated. Alliances are made with the strong and the victorious.

Therefore, Israel will not agree to Hamas's demands, which would mean surrender; it will continue fighting until all of its objectives are achieved."
