Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-nir-oz030725

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, today (Thursday, 3 July 2025), visited Kibbutz Nir Oz, where they made the following remarks:

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I am here with my wife Sara, at Kibbutz Nir Oz, opposite the scenes of destruction, devastation and ruin, with the members of the kibbutz, those who survived, and also those who have returned from being held hostage. You feel, in the depths of your soul, the magnitude of the pain, the depth of the sorrow, the traumas that befell an entire community, and which are still befalling it. I feel a deep commitment – first of all to ensure the return of all of our hostages, all of them. There are still 20 who are alive and there are also those who are deceased, and we will bring them all back.

But there is also a deep commitment to working here to rebuild this kibbutz and bring life back to the people. We will cut through the bureaucracy – and we will rebuild."

Sara Netanyahu:

"Sagui Dekel Chen, who was held hostage and returned in the previous deal, showed me his young three-year-old daughter's pacifier. She and her seven-year-old sister, and his wife, held out inside the protected room. They held the door put the young girl's changing table – this sweet girl – against the door, and this is how they were saved, with heroism and resourcefulness.

We then heard the story of his mother, who was taken hostage, and managed to escape and return to the kibbutz, which is another story about a courageous woman. I told him that he lives among heroic women. I think that alongside what the Prime Minister said, stories of devastation, the awful things that happened here, there being no words to describe the tragedy, there were stories of the astounding heroism of people, civilians, women and boys and girls. There was simply resourcefulness, bravery; it is impossible to describe where the strength came from. There were awful tragedies here."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"Our sources say: 'The Lord will give strength to His people; the Lord will bless His people with peace.' [Psalms 29:11; https://mechon-mamre.org/p/pt/pt2629.htm?0aad2a666c]. The Lord will also bless this kibbutz – Nir Oz – with  redemption and being settled."
