Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start090225

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, at the start of the Government meeting this evening:

"As of today, we have achieved great things in the war.

I have just returned from an historic visit in Washington with President Trump and with senior figures in his administration, and with Senate and Congressional leaders.

This visit and the talks that we held with the President of the US included additional considerable achievements that can ensure the security of Israel for generations.

I am not exaggerating. There are opportunities for possibilities that I think we never dreamed of, or at least a few months ago they did not seem possible – but they are possible.

This was a very warm, detailed and purposeful meeting. It covered all of the main issues before us. While we have many achievements behind us, we also have many challenges ahead of us.

President Trump commended all of our achievements, especially the breaking of the Iranian axis.

He was very impressed by our actions. I told him that all of this was due – first of all – to our heroic fighters and the sacrifice of the fighters who have fallen, and also to the steadfastness of our people, and the determined and rational policy that we have led.

We agreed that all of the objectives that we set for the war must be completed: The elimination of Hamas, the return of all of our hostages, ensuring that Gaza never again constitutes a threat to Israel, returning all of the residents in both north and south, and, of course, preventing Iran from attaining nuclear weapons.

President Trump also presented a different vision for 'the day after.' For a full year, we have been told that on the 'day after', the PLO, the Palestinian Authority, needs to be in the Strip.

President Trump came with a completely different vision, much better for the State of Israel, a revolutionary and creative vision, which we are discussing. He is very determined to carry it out. This also opens many possibilities before us.

This visit, about which I will be able to go into more detail in the appropriate forums of course, constitutes a historic turning point for the State of Israel.

At the same time, we will – of course – enforce the ceasefire agreements. This requires us to take action, sometimes to use live fire to enforce them. We are doing so in the south and in the north.

My directive this evening – nobody reaches the perimeter fence or penetrates it.

This is part of the agreement which we will enforce, and will enforce vigorously. We expect Hamas to meet all of its commitments and this is one of them."
