Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-flight080425

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today:

"I have just finished my second visit to the US in two months, a very warm visit with my friend President Donald Trump.

You could be impressed from the great closeness and friendship between us, which was expressed in the issues we discussed.

First of all – Iran. We agree that Iran will not have nuclear weapons. This can be done by agreement, but only if this agreement is Libyan style: They go in, blow up the installations, dismantle all of the equipment, under American supervision and carried out by America – this would be good.

The second possibility, that will not be, is that they drag out the talks and then there is the military option. Everyone understands this. We spoke about this at length.

The second issue that we discussed was Gaza. We are determined to eliminate Hamas and, at the same time, we are determined to return all of our hostages. The President looked at me and told the journalists who were present: 'This man is working constantly to free the hostages.' I hope that this shatters the lie that is being circulated to the effect that I am not working for them, that I don't care. I do care, and I am doing it and we will be successful.

We also discussed President Trump's vision, because we are currently in contact with countries that are talking about the possibility of taking in many Gazans. This is important because in the end, this is what needs to happen.

The third issue – Turkey. Turkey wants to establish military bases in Syria, and this endangers Israel. We oppose this and are working against it. I told President Trump, who is my friend, and also a friend of Erdogan: 'If we are in need of your help, we will discuss it with you.'

The fourth and last issue -- the tariffs. President Trump has asked countries to reduce their trade deficits with the US to zero. I told him: 'This is not so difficult for us. We will do it.' This is the little that we can do for the US and its President, who does so much for us.

This was a very good visit, a very warm visit. There were additional things that you will hear about later."
