Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-alexander130525

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, this morning, spoke with IDF Staff-Sgt. Edan Alexander, who was released yesterday after being held hostage by Hamas, and is currently in hospital.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Edan, it is so good to hear from you. We are overjoyed. Your mother and father are overjoyed, as are the people of Israel. I want you to know this. This is simply a wonderful moment. How do you feel?'

Edan Alexander:

"This is crazy. It is unbelievable. I am fine; weak, but we will slowly return to what we were before. It is all a matter of time."

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"Your mother and father are with you now? Then, first of all, hug them because the entire people of Israel are embracing the three of you. There is the whole family, grandfather and grandmother. Today everyone is one family.

I have one more request of you, only one directive. Aside from the fact that you are a free man, listen to what the doctors say, because we have amazing care and teams. It really sounds to me that you are on the right path. Welcome home from all my heart, truly from all my heart. You have blessings from the people of Israel."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also spoke (in English) with US envoy Steve Witkoff:

"You have one brave Israeli soldier there who is also a champion of America and Israel together. And we're very, very happy and very grateful for the help that you and President Trump gave us.

And we, of course, value his comrades, the Israeli soldiers who are there ready to take whatever action if our other friends, our other hostages, are not released. It's a great moment. Thank you."

US envoy Witkoff:

Mr. Prime Minister, I've told Edan and his family everything that you have done to make this possible over the last several days. It was a tense negotiation and it was critical. How you were, how you allowed the negotiations to operate, and that's in large part the reason that Edan is home with his family today."
