Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-intelbase280725

Prime Minister Netanyahu at the Intelligence Directorate: "We have a job to finish: the eradication of Hamas and the return of our hostages. We are not giving up on that even for a moment. Those two goals are intertwined"

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited today the base of the IDF Intelligence Directorate with the Director Maj. Gen. Shlomi Binder.

During the visit, the Prime Minister expressed his appreciation of the soldiers and commanders of the Intelligence Directorate for their actions during Operation Rising Lion in Iran, and praised their crucial contribution to obtaining, through multi-agency cooperation, the preliminary intelligence that brought on the historic success.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:

"We have a job to finish: the eradication of Hamas and the return of our hostages. We are not giving up on that even for a moment. Those two goals are intertwined. The essence of what they have seen in Iran, though, is that there is no axis. This plan of destroying Israel is currently off the table.

The precise focus of the intelligence that was obtained, its quality, volume, depth, were simply amazing to me, and were a source of great confidence to me and my fellow cabinet members. Not everyone was privy to that intelligence. It's a tremendous achievement of historic proportions, and it was achieved thanks to your work and the work of your friends.

It is a historic achievement, and I am not being wordy or exaggerating. These were the capabilities of a power and most of all, capabilities that were on task. I mean, it simply hit like an arrow that you shoot at this wall over there and it strikes with precision. And that was repeated over and over again. This is a tremendous component, this interaction between the government and the military echelons, and then the combination between the intelligence branch, the air force and other branches. That combination brought the result.

It isn't over yet. We are still completing the tasks concerning the axis. There are still the two H's: Hamas and that band of savages down south. We will deal with them as well. We must first and foremost safeguard the achievement of pushing back the two fundamental threats: the nuclear weapon and the ballistic missiles. And there will be new threats, but in light of the capabilities you have demonstrated, I have no doubt that we will succeed against them.

You have a great part in the successes thus far, and I wish, for all of us, that you will continue to contribute your part in ensuring the eternity of Israel, and I would like to thank you".
