Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start140925

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Remarks at the Start of the Special Government Meeting at the Base of the Israel Police National Counter-Terrorism Unit, marking 50 years since the Unit was established

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks, today, at the start of the special Government meeting at the base of the Israel Police National Counter-Terrorism Unit, marking 50 years since the unit was established:

“This is a special meeting to mark 50 years, but due to the war, it has been 51 years since the unit was established. We are fortunate to be here with my fellow ministers, the Public Security Minister, the Defense Minister, the Israel Police Inspector General, the Commander of the Border Police, the unit commander, and all of the commanders and soldiers that we will meet during the visit.

Today we are, in effect, holding a Government meeting in the innermost heart of the operational history of the State of Israel. The establishment of the National Counter-Terrorism Unit led to people preparing, studying and developing combat and rescue methods that we were previously not familiar with, and which were unknown anywhere in the world. I clearly state – there is no better unit in the world than the National Counter-Terrorism Unit in the war on terrorism and the rescue of hostages. There is no such thing. Whoever visits here, and there have been many, attest to this. They are amazed. We are now marking 50 years of operations, breakthroughs, covert cooperation with the best units in the world and 50 years of saving lives.

I have followed the unit over the years through decisions that have been made, the responsibility and the intense fight against terrorist elements. Each time I am impressed again by the progress from year to year, sometimes from month to month, and by the concepts, the resourcefulness, by the things that change the face of the campaign and, in effect, surprise the enemy. Together with our top security leadership, I decided on two rescue operations: Operation ‘Golden Hand’ and Operation ‘Arnon’, in which National Counter-Terrorism Unit fighters stormed the enemy under fire to rescue hostages.

Today I say it clearly: The National Counter-Terrorism Unit is a pillar of our national security. We are committed to this unit and we will give it full backing as well as the means to continue being in the vanguard of the State of Israel’s war on terrorism.

Over the years, I have not cancelled National Counter-Terrorism Unit operations, not even once, for a simple reason – out of awareness of your abilities, determination and professionalism. I did not cancel even a single operation. I tell you why – because I rely on you, the people of Israel rely on you, and the Government of Israel relies on you. The Government of Israel and the people of Israel salute you. Well done!”
