Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-visit080525

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited a training exercise of the IDF 5th Brigade (reserve) at the Ground Forces Training Center in Tze'elim.

The Prime Minister received a briefing from the commanders regarding the training forces, the operational training effort in the Gaza Strip in the past weeks, and the improved readiness of the troops ahead of the expanded incursion.

The Prime Minister also spoke with the brigade fighters and commanders and answered their questions.

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:

"I am here at the Tze'elim Military Base, and I have come to see firsthand the quality of our troops, our heroes, ahead of the intensive operation that we are about to carry out in the Gaza Strip. I have observed your training exercise, and you have performed it excellently. There are reserve soldiers here, reserve commanders, who are doing a tremendous job. We are determined to achieve two objectives: One is to defeat Hamas, to gain victory over Hamas, to destroy Hamas. The second, of course, at the same time, is to release our hostages.

Today, we are marking the 53rd anniversary of the operation to rescue the hostages from the Sabena aircraft. I was there, I was injured there. The spirit remains unchanged, it is the exact same spirit that I see surging here among the soldiers and the commanders, and unites the ranks for a single goal of achieving a great victory. This victory includes both the defeat of Hamas and the release of our hostages.

That victory goes beyond all that, it impacts the entire region. AS of today, we have changed the face of the Middle East. We have brought Hezbollah to its knees; brought Hamas tolower than its knees; the Assad regime has fallen. Iran has also experienced our might. We face more challenges, but we have a strong spirit, and that spirit is achieved by our army comprised of conscript soldiers as well as reservists.

The reservists are doing a fantastic job. It places a heavy load on them, on their families, on the wives and the children, sometimes on the partners. We are determined to assist them, because they deserve everything. We have given them a lot, but we need to give a lot more, and we will do so.

To Hamas I say one thing: The rules are about to change very soon — thanks to you soldiers."

The Prime Minister was joined by his Chief-of-Staff, Tzachi Braverman; his Military Secretary, Maj.-Gen. Roman Gofman; Commander of the Ground Forces, Maj.-Gen. Nadav Lotan; Head of the Education and Training Command, Maj-Gen. David Zini; Commander of the Ground Forces Training Center, Brig.-Gen. Kobi Heller; and the Prime Minister's Spokesperson, Dr. Omer Dostri.
