Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-press-conference100825

“Good afternoon. I'm glad you came here, because I'd like to take the opportunity to puncture the lies and tell the truth.  The truth is, Hamas still has thousands of armed terrorists in Gaza. It vows to repeat the October 7 massacre and to do so again and again. It openly professes its goal to destroy the State of Israel. It subjugates Gazans, it steals their food, it shoots them when they try to move to safe zones. And I think it’s instructive that now, many Gazansare fighting back.They are begging us, and they're begging the world:“Free us, Free us, and free Gaza from Hamas”

No nation can accept a genocidal terrorist organization, an organization committed to its annihilation a stone’s throw from its citizens.Our goal is not to occupy Gaza. Our goal is to free Gaza, free it from Hamas terrorists.The war can end tomorrow if Gaza, or rather if Hamas lays down its arms and releases all the remaining hostages.

Gaza will be demilitarized, Israel will have overriding security responsibilities.A security zone will be established on Gaza’s border with Israel to prevent future terrorist incursions. A civilian administration will be established in Gaza that will seek to live in peace with Israel.

That’s our plan for the day after Hamas. And let me summarize it: Five principles for concluding the war: One, Hamas Disarmed. Second, all hostages freed. Third, Gaze Demilitarized. Fourth, Israel has overriding security control. And five, Non-Israeli, peaceful civil administration, by that I mean a civilian administration that doesn’t educate its children for terror, that doesn't pay terrorists, and doesn’t launch terrorist attacks against Israel, that’s what we want to see in Gaza. So, its neither Hamas or the PA. That's our plan.

Given Hamas’s refusal to lay down its arms, Israel has no choice but to finish the job andcomplete the defeat of Hamas.Now, we've done a great deal. We have about 70 to 75 percent of Gaza under Israeli control, military control. But we have two remaining strongholds. Okay? These are Gaza City and the Central Camps and Moasi. That's roughly, schematically, presented here, but it's fairly accurate. Last Thursday, Israel's cabinet, security cabinet, instructed the IDF to dismantle the two remaining Hamas strongholds in Gaza City and the Central Camps. Contrary to false claims, this is the best way to end the war, and the best way to end it speedily. We will do so by first enabling the civilian population to safely leave the combat areas to designated safe zones.

In these safe zones they will be given ample food, water and medical care.As we have done before.And again, contrary to false claims, our policy throughout the war has been to prevent a humanitarian crisis, While Hamas’s policy has been to create it.Since the beginning of the war, Israel has let in close to 2 million tons of aid!I know of no other army that has enabled such aid to go to the civilian population in enemy territory.Now, if we had a starvation policy, no one in Gaza would have survived after two years of war.But our policy has been the exact opposite.We’ve let in, as I said, almost 2 million tons of aid and sent millions of text messages, millions of phone calls, to Gazans to get out of harm’s way.

Yet in the last few months, Hamas has violently looted the aid trucks meant to get to Palestinian civilians. They deliberately created a shortage of supply.And the UN consistently refused, until recently, to distribute the thousands of trucks that we let into Gaza through the Kerem Shalom crossing.

So, the problem is, we've had tons of uncollected food rotting on the Gazan side of the border because the UN was, and still is, unwilling to deliver all of it. Here are the tons and tons, and tons, of humanitarian aid that Israel led in to the Gazan side of the Kerem Shalom Crossing, just sitting there, because it's not distributed. So now, we are going to go around this obstacle, we are going around it, by doing these three things:

1. Designating safe corridors for humanitarian aid distribution – (that's showing the problem. Not showing the solution, but here it is). First, designating rather safe corridors for aid distribution. You can go, you can drive trucks there, and you'll be safe. 2. Increasing the number of safe distribution points managed by the Gazan Humanitarian Foundations. 3. Air drops.  That's air drops done by the Israeli Air Force and we're inviting others to join us.

The result has been a humanitarian surge, which we are coordinating with President Trump and his team, and hundreds of trucks have gone in, in recent days.

This is preventing hunger.But it's not prevented the global campaign of lies that we have all witnessed.So in Gaza, despite Hamas’s obstacles, two million people are now getting access to humanitarian aid. But I'll tell you who isn't.

The only ones that are being deliberately starved in Gaza are our hostages. This is Evyatar David, look at his hand and his arm. He's being deliberately starved by these Hamas monsters. And look at the Hamas capturer, look at the difference. He's eating, and he's eating well.

The purpose of this news conference is to puncture the lies and spread the truth. But that distortion has been propelled around the earth, almost the way that the Jewish people, who are maligned in the Middle Ages, every massacre of the Jewish people was proceeded by massive vilification. We were spreading, we were said to be spreading vermin to Christian society, we were said to be poisoning the wells, we were said to slaughter Christian children for their blood. And as these lies spread around the globe, they were followed by horrific, horrific massacres, pogroms, displacements, finally culminating the worst massacre of them all – the Holocaust.

Today the Jewish state is being maligned in a similar way. Everything that I told you, could be verified easily, but it hasn't.

And the international press has bought hook line and sinker – Hamas's statistics, Hamas claims, Hamas forgeries, and Hamas photographs, for example, these three children.

The first one, is Osama Alakub, he's in Italy getting treatment, because Israel got him out, that's what he looks like today. He has a genetic disease that damages the lungs and digestive system. It makes it hard to absorb nutrients and gain weight. Okay? So, Israel facilitated Osama's travel to Italy, where he got the medical aid that transformed his position.

The second one, is Abdul Khad Faumi. He suffers from a genetic neurological disorder – spinal muscular atrophy. A degenerative condition that causes muscle wasting weakness and severe weight loss, unrelated to nutrition. This was the real cause of his frail appearance, not starvation. In fact, he was treated in Israel in 2018, doesn't help because it's a congenital disease and it defies most treatment at least.

The third one, is the most celebrated one. This is a New York Times cover photo. It's on the front page, of Muhamad Zakaria Aub and his mother.

Muhamad Zakaria Aub is suffering from genetic illness which you're familiar with, it's called cerebral palsy. His mother is well fed, and his brother is healthy.

I'm looking right now into the possibility of a governmental suit against the New York Times, because this is outrageous. Of course, the correction was postage size, I don't know where it was buried. But this is outrageous. These are the three most celebrated photos, and they're all fake. It's the kind of malignant lies that were leveled at the Jewish people in the Middle Ages we won't suffer, we won't allow it to go unchallenged, and this is the purpose of this conference. I hope that you open your eyes to a simple fact - Hamas lies”.
