Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start020325

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today ,at the start of the Government meeting:

"Last night I held a security discussion with the participation of the Defense Minister, the faction heads, senior security establishment officials and the negotiating team. Upon the conclusion of the discussion, we decided on the following steps:

Israel adopts the framework of President Trump's envoy, Steve Witkoff, for a temporary ceasefire for the Ramadan and Passover period.

We are fully coordinating with President Trump and his people.

According to the information that Israel has, Hamas is currently holding 59 hostages: Up to 24 are alive and at least 35 are deceased.

We are not giving up on anyone and we are determined to bring them all back home.

According to the Witkoff proposal, on the first day of his framework half of the hostages will be released in one phase. At the end of the framework – if agreement is reached – the remaining hostages will be released, also in one phase.

Steve Witkoff proposed the framework for extending the ceasefire after gaining the impression that there is no possibility, at present, of bridging between the two positions, Israel's and Hamas's, regarding the second stage and that additional time for talks was necessary in order to achieve a possible agreement. He even defined his proposal as a corridor for negotiations on the second stage. Israel is ready for this.

I would like to make it clear: Contrary to claims that I hear from analysts in the studios, Israel is not in violation while Hamas has repeatedly violated the agreement on the first stage.

According to the original agreement, Israel can return to fighting after the 42nd day if it has gained the impression that the negotiations have been ineffective. This article is supported in a side letter of the previous US administration and has also received the full backing and support of the Trump administration. But even so, we agreed to the Witkoff framework because we are committed to returning all of our hostages.

While Israel has agreed to the Witkoff framework, Hamas has – so far – clung to its refusal and has not agreed to the framework.

If Hamas changes its position, Israel will immediately enter into negotiations on implementing the framework.

I would like to clarify something else: There will be no free lunches. If Hamas thinks that it will be possible to continue the ceasefire or benefit from the terms of the first stage, without us receiving hostages, it is sorely mistaken.

I would like to make it clear to you, citizens of Israel: We have concluded the first stage with great success. We freed 30 living hostages and brought home eight deceased hostages for a Jewish burial. Few believed that we would succeed in this – but we acted determinedly and vigorously, and we succeeded.

Upon the conclusion of the first stage, and in light of Hamas's rejection of the Witkoff framework, we decided – at last night's discussion – that as of this morning, the entry of goods and supplies into Gaza will be prevented.

It must be emphasized: Hamas currently controls all of the supplies and goods that are being sent to the Gaza Strip. It is abusing the Gazan population that is trying to receive the aid, it is shooting at them, and is turning the humanitarian aid into a budget for terrorism directed against us. To this we will not agree in any way.

If Hamas continues to stick to its position and does not release our hostages, there will be additional consequences, which I will not detail here.

As of today, we have returned 196 hostages, and I remind you that at the start of the war there were those who doubted our ability to return even one hostage.

Again – we demand the release of all of our hostages, the living and the deceased.

We are committed to this. I am committed to this. And with G-d's help, we will neither stop nor be silent until we achieve it."
