Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start210925

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the opening of the government meeting: "Our victories in Lebanon against Hezbollah have opened a window for the possibility of peace with our neighbors in the North. We are holding talks with the Syrians, and there is some progress, but that vision is yet for an appointed time"

The Prime Minister's full remarks :

"Fellow ministers,

I would like to open by wishing, on your behalf, a good year and Chag Sameach to the whole House of Israel. I wish to convey to you personally, on my behalf and on behalf of my wife Sara, my wishes for a good and prosperous year to your family members. A year of unity for the State of Israel, and a year of victory for the State of Israel.

We are approaching the eve of Rosh HaShana. In the past year we have made great and historic achievements. First and foremost, the historic achievement of ensuring the continued existence of the State of Israel and thus, the continued existence of the Jewish people.

For twelve days, we were physically in a very deep pit, but Operation Rising Lion has put us at the summit. There is no overstatement in this. Most importantly, we have pushed from over our head the threat of Iran's nuclear bombs that were aimed for our destruction, and the threat of tens of thousands of ballistic missiles that Iran was planning to manufacture within a few years. In addition, we have hit every part of Iran's axis, in Lebanon, in Syria, in Yemen, in Gaza, and also in Iran itself.

We are continuing, with great momentum, the battle for the final defeat of Hamas and the return of all our hostages. We send strength to our heroic soldiers, as without their sacrifice, determination and devotion to their mission, we wouldn't have made the great achievements that we've made.

At the conclusion of the Rosh Hashana holiday I will depart for the UN General Assembly, and immediately after that will meet with our friend, President Trump. At the UN, I will present the truth. It is the truth of Israel but it is also the objective truth of our just struggle against the forces of evil. I will also present our vision for true peace, peace that grows out from power.

Our victories in Lebanon against Hezbollah have opened a window for a possibility that couldn't have even been imagined prior to our latest operations and activity, and that is the possibility of peace with our neighbors to the North. We are holding talks with the Syrians, and there is some progress, but that vision is yet for an appointed time.

In any case, these discussions, as well as the talks with Lebanon, wouldn't have been possible without our decisive victories in the Northern front and also on other fronts.

We will have to fight both in the UN and in all the other fronts against the slanderous propaganda aimed at us, and against the calls to create a Palestinian state that will endanger our existence and constitute an absurd prize for terrorism. The international community will hear from us on this matter in the following days.

After the General Assembly, I will meet my friend President Trump. This will be my fourth meeting with him since the beginning of his second presidency, surpassing any other leader in the world. And we have much to discuss.

Fellow ministers,

Following the heavy blows that we have dealt to our enemies, we have been able to return most of the residents of the North and the South to their homes. The government will approve several important decisions today:

First of all, the multi-year government plan for the rehabilitation and development of the communities in the North, and advancing the business activity in the area. These decisions are in addition to the steps already taken and the many billions invested, and I wish to thank Minister Elkin and the Finance Minister and his team for their dedicated and important work. The Education Minister as well, and others.

In addition, we will approve today a decision to establish a special national council for artificial intelligence. This council will be established within the Prime Minister's Office, following the recommendations of the Nagel commission. I have much appreciation for the important work done on this matter by Jacob Nagel and his team, and also for the work of the Finance Minister and his team which made it possible to establish the council.

The role of this council will be to accelerate the artificial intelligence research and turn Israel into one of the world's leading countries in the field, just as we have done in cyber and other fields. This is the key to preserving our superiority in economy, security, and I add, also in awareness. We are facing complex struggles in these fields, and we have a relative advantage that this council is meant to develop, together with the work being done in the security apparatus.

Again, I would like to wish you all a good year, and for us to do fruitful work to ensure the eternity of Israel — nothing less".
