Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-appointment060125

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has appointed attorney Roi Cahlon as Acting Civil Service Commissioner.

Attorney Cahlon, 44, has extensive experience in senior management, public law, law enforcement and the formulation of public policy. He holds bachelor's and master's degrees in law with distinction; during his public service, he has made impressive achievements and received considerable esteem.

Cahlon began his public career in the State Attorney's Office where he served for 15 years in senior positions in disciplinary, administrative and criminal law, and led a pivotal field related to the security establishment.

Cahlon has a decade of experience in the civil service disciplinary field, including six years in which he worked with the Attorney General and as the senior legal adviser to the Civil Service Commissioner in the field; as approved by the Civil Service Commission, he "filled the positions as defined in the position of senior division head (disciplinary) in the State Attorney's Office."

In the past year, as head of the staff for the war on crime in the Arab sector, in the Prime Minister's Office, Cahlon led strategic efforts, legislative amendments, and significant reforms to reduce the penetration of criminal organizations in public tenders.

The Prime Minister has determined that there is no gap between the facts and the manner in which attorney Cahlon's senior administrative experience has been presented. Therefore, he decided to appoint him to the position and not adopt the opinion of the Attorney General as detailed in his letter to her.

Prime Minister Netanyahu [translated from Hebrew]:

"Attorney Cahlon is a true professional. He has considerable experience in senior management and the work of the government, as well as in public and administrative law. I have closely followed him over the past year and even received warm recommendations from senior figures in the civil service and the law-enforcement establishment, regarding his appointment as Acting Civil Service Commissioner.

I am certain that attorney Cahlon will contribute to strengthening the civil service for the benefit of all Israeli citizens, and I wish him success in the position of Acting Civil Service Commissioner."
