Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-mamilla260525



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, together with Jerusalem Mayor Moshe Lion, visited Mamilla Pool, a unique historic site from the Byzantine period, which reflects the complicated layers of the city's past.

In recent years, a plan has been advanced for rehabilitating and upgrading the site in order to preserve its historic, architectural and ecological value.

Ahead of Jerusalem Day, the Government of Israel will approve a decision on rehabilitating Mamilla Pool, which will breathe life into it and turn it into a Jerusalem pearl as a heritage site and space for the public.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"We are in the midst of a difficult campaign, at the conclusion of which we will defeat Hamas and free our hostages in the south, and we have many other challenges. However, at the same time, we are building our country. Our country is special and it also has a special city – Jerusalem. I am here with Jerusalem Mayor Moshe Lion. We want not only to build the future but to reveal the past as well, because they are intertwined.

Then one day I walk here. I walk a lot in Jerusalem, and I pass the pool. I see the Mayor and I tell him: 'Moshe, what is this? It is totally neglected.' This is a pool that was the main reservoir of Jerusalem. It was built in the Byzantine period and from the fourth century to the seventh, it served Jerusalem.

Look at the size of this thing. Have you ever seen such a pool? It's huge. My dream has been for us to rebuild it, to rehabilitate it, to fill it with water; it will be a global attraction, another global attraction in Jerusalem.

We will start planning. We will discuss the details later. But we want to launch it. It starts with an idea and afterwards it can be something that will attract people from around the world, and from around the country to see this wonderful place."

Jerusalem Mayor Lion:

"I am very much in favor. I have adopted what you already proposed several years ago and now we are on the eve of Jerusalem Day. This will cost money and we will do everything so that this will be an efficient expenditure. But this place will certainly become a Jerusalem pearl."