Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-start300325

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, at the start of the Government meeting:

"This morning, I am going to going to discuss the three H's: First of all Hamas, then Hezbollah and then the Houthis.

Regarding Hamas in Gaza – the military pressure is working. It is working because it is simultaneous: On the one hand, it is pounding Hamas's military and governing capabilities, and on the other it is creating the conditions for releasing our hostages. This is exactly what we are doing.

Last night, the Security Cabinet convened and decided to increase the pressure, which was already increased, in order to further pound Hamas and create the optimal conditions for releasing our hostages.

While on the subject of Hamas, I would now like to comment on three false claims that are constantly being directed at us in a one continuous lie:

One – that we are not holding negotiations. This is incorrect. We are holding them under fire; therefore, they are also effective. Suddenly we see that there are cracks.

The second claim – that we are unwilling to discuss the final stage. This is also incorrect. We are willing. Hamas will lay down its weapons. Its leaders will be allowed to leave. We will see to the general security in the Gaza Strip and will allow the realization of the Trump plan for voluntary migration. This is the plan. We are not hiding this and are ready to discuss it at any time.

The third lie is that we do not care about the hostages. This is incorrect for the ministers here who regularly meet with the families of the hostages, and for my wife and I. Last week we met and talked with four families. We speak in depth and feel their pain, which is immense. This claim – that we do not care – echoes Hamas propaganda. This is what Hamas puts into its videos with the goal of creating internal dissension and a false picture.

We are committed to returning the hostages and we are working to return them. As of today, the combination of military and diplomatic pressure is the only thing that has returned the hostages, and not any of the empty claims and slogans that I hear in the studios from the self-professed experts.

Regarding Hezbollah: In Lebanon there is very aggressive enforcement, without compromise. This is the directive that I, the Defense Minister and the Security Cabinet, have given to the IDF, which the IDF is implementing in the optimal manner. We will not allow a trickle, discounts or considerations.

The Lebanese state is responsible for what emanates from its territory and it needs to see to it that nothing does, that attacks against the State of Israel do not emanate from its territory. We respect the Lebanese state and its military; therefore, we demand from them the things that you demand from someone you respect.

Regarding the Houthis: I greatly appreciate the actions of our ally the US. They are dealing with them very forcefully. Of course, we are acting to defend ourselves, as has happened recently. But the fact that the US has gone in there vigorously is a major change.

We always appreciate alliances. We have an alliance with the greatest superpower in the world, which is lining up behind us there, and in other arenas, without
