Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-cohen110925

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara, together with Mossad Director David Barnea, last night (Wednesday, 10 September 2025), at the Herzliya Cinematheque, attended an event in memory of Eli Cohen, our man in Damascus, of blessed memory, on the 60th anniversary of his execution.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

“Eli Cohen was a national hero in the fullest sense of the word – a hero in both life and death. He had the utmost force of will to withstand months of imprisonment and interrogation, as well as endurance and defiance. He defied his judges in a show trial. He told them: ‘I am not a traitor; I am an emissary.’

When his life ended on that black day in the heart of Damascus, the entire nation felt the weight of the blow. What distress and gloom were upon us. On the other hand, it was also a day on which many swore to follow in his footsteps.

What decides wars is determination, persistence and clinging to the goal. These are the decisive factors for achieving victory in a campaign, certainly in an existential campaign such as ours.

We have already proven, to the entire world, that there is no safe haven for those who were responsible for the terrible massacre of October 7. The message is clear: You have no sanctuary. There is no place where we cannot reach you.”

Mossad Director Barnea:

“In these moments as well, heroic Mossad agents are risking their lives for the security of Israel. The mission of the Mossad rests on our uniqueness: The ability to act covertly and with stratagems in order to penetrate places that no one could even imagine we would be there. This is the ethos that Eli left us.

In his death, he infused us with meaning regarding the values of love of Israel and strength of spirit.

In his last words to his dearest Nadia, Eli wrote: ‘I entrust you with our family.’ For this, Nadia, you are worthy of full admiration. You raised an exemplary child, and provided the power, resilience and stability that were demanded of Eli in order to carry out his mission. Our esteem for this is great.

Dear family, you have lived with the pain and the pride. You will always remain part of the Mossad family.

‘I am an emissary,’ Eli said 60 years ago. You are the example, I say; we are all emissaries of the people of Israel.

May the memory of Eli Cohen be blessed.”
