Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/meeting290425

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"One year ago, it was still not clear, but we had changed the face of the Middle East, including with the means that have been described here; however, in my view, means are secondary. It was really thanks to the immense strength of life inherent in this people, who indeed came together in trying times.

I am talking about the fighting men and women, and the commanders. I call them lions. They went out and fought, and some of them fell, and some were wounded. To see those who were wounded, we see Medan here and we see his friends. There is a young man who lost three limbs, he holds his one arm and says 'I want to go back; I want to fight.' What immense spirit this is.

We overturned the situation and we brought Hezbollah to its knees. We toppled the Assad regime, and we have another major task. We attacked Iran. We attacked the Houthis but we have another mission; I am not minimizing it. But I am certain that we are equal to the task, thanks to what I see around this table and what we will see tomorrow evening. There is a great spirit here; there is no explanation other than the spirit to explain the abilities of this country, a small but huge country with a huge spirit.

I simply want to salute you and to tell you that I am certain that thanks to the example that you have set and the efforts that you are making, that we will be equal to any challenge. I have also discovered that we have a very promising younger generation.

Of course, we have another important mission, not just to win, but to also bring back home. As of today, we have returned196 of our hostages, 147 alive. Up to another 24 are alive. I say 'up to' and the rest, of course, to our sorrow, are not alive. And we will bring them back. This is the same spirit."

Sara Netanyahu:

"We have here a range not just of occupations but also a great range of ages for the future, and people who have contributed greatly over the years and who are continuing to contribute. This gives much hope; first of all, that age is no obstacle and that it is possible to do as one desires.

Alongside the great pain, there is also great hope, but much needs to be done to realize it. I think that the way before us is still long. Thank you for the force of will and for joining in. I know that all of you have also been active and are continuing to be; thank you."

Minister Miri Regev:

"We increased the number of torches this year due to the war, just like we did last year. For every torch, we have, in effect, three bearers. One torch only has two bearers, the torch for the hostages, in order to show the absence of the 59 people whose return home we are awaiting, pursuant to all of the activity that you have led in order to return all of the hostages home quickly.

Holding a torch ceremony in wartime is not simple; it is very, very complicated. We will certainly not allow terrorism and the terrorist organizations to win. Therefore, we tried to bring here the right panel and mosaic of Israeli society, that is made up of so many good people who decided at the last moment, or at the first moment, each one according to their personal feelings, and of course their convenience, to do something for Israeli society."
