Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-ofakim030725

PM Netanyahu and his wife Sara visited Ofakim, together with Mayor Itzik Danino, Deputy Minister Almog Cohen and MK Boaz Bismuth.

The Prime Minister and his wife lit memorial candles at the memorial wall for city heroes, and met with Racheli Edry and her son Evyatar who fought the Hamas terrorists on October 7.

The Prime Minister and his wife then went to city hall, where they met with representatives of the fighters who fought on October 7 and bereaved families.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I am very moved to be here, together with my wife Sara, and lay a wreath for the heroes of Ofakim. There were supreme acts of heroism here by men and women, who stood up at the decisive moment. Even in the most difficult situation, they stood up as heroes and arose like lions. Some of them are here alongside us – including MK Deputy Minister Cohen. Thank you.

I think that one saw the redemption here. Simply put, the entire world is impressed. But I want to tell you, I think that the people of Israel showed immense strength of spirit, daring and heroism, and a great force of life against those who came to destroy us. Our willpower is stronger than theirs. Our fighting spirit is stronger than theirs. And in the end, our strength of spirit is defeating them, defeating them here and defeating them there.

With G-d's help, together we are ensuring – thanks to the fallen – the eternity of Israel. I would like to tell you from the heart, also to you Rachel, the people of Israel will win."

Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"We have now finished Operation Rising Lion, to strike at those who – in this generation – rose up to destroy us. They have a proxy here and we will soon eliminate it as well. We will also bring back all of our hostages, all of them.

I want you to understand what is happening here. When I look at this map Itzik, which has been built here under your exceptional leadership, what is happening here is, in effect, the expression of great trust in the State of Israel and the future of Israel. The development here is breaking records but this is nothing in comparison to what is going to happen."
