Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-hashmonaim150725

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited today (Tuesday), along with Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich, the training facility of the Hasmonean Brigade at IDF Camp Tevetz in the Jordan Valley.

During the visit, the Prime Minister held a meeting with the Brigade's fighters and spoke with them. In addition, the Prime Minister received a briefing from the Brigade commanders on the Brigade operations and the training of the Haredi fighters, in full compliance with their way of life.

*Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu* (translated from Hebrew):

"We are here at the Hasmonean Brigade in the Jordan Valley, the IDF's first Haredi brigade. I have now met with both the commanders and the soldiers, and it is uplifting. You see young Haredi men who come here, enlist and become excellent fighters. They have already been to Gaza and fought with distinction. Sadly, some of their friends in the Netzah Yehuda battalion fell in battle last week.

We are fighting a great battle, and we need the forces of spirit and the military might to prevail. Here we have the spirit and the might. They come in as Haredi and they come out as Haredi — and that thing is possible. They are coming not under coercion, but willingly, and that willingness is widespread among the Haredi public. We can lead a process — not one of confrontation and infighting, but rather a mobilization of all the forces in Jewish society in order to truly bring security to our state and defend our people.

I wish it on everyone to see what we have here, it is going to develop and grow. At once preserving the world of the Torah, which is one of the foundations of our existence for thousands of years; and enlisting thousands upon thousands of enthusiastic, strong and devoted young men.

We are operating in Syria as well. We have a commitment to preserve the south-western region of Syria as a demilitarized area on Israel's border. We will not allow a return to the situation where a second Lebanon is being established there, and we also have an obligation to safeguard the Druze locals. We are doing that by carrying out intensive operations. I hope we won't need further operations, and that very much depends on what is understood and done, and what is not done, in Damascus".

*Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich* (translated from Hebrew):

"We met today with first-class brave fighters who chose to serve the nation of Israel in the battlefield without giving up their Haredi way of life. The Hasmonean Brigade, commanded by Col. Avinoam Emunah, proves that it is possible to integrate the sons of the Haredi community in the Israeli Defense Forces in the best way. The entire training facility is run professionally, and raises a generation of qualified fighters that will comprise a substantial part of the IDF's fighting force. We are determined to bring about, God willing, the enlistment of many thousands of members of the Haredi community, and we are convinced that this is the way to do it. Together, with the building of trust, and through a determined and fundamental process".

The Prime Minister was joined by his chief of staff Tzachi Braverman, the Cabinet Secretary Yossi Fuchs, his Military Secretary Maj.-Gen. Roman Gofman, head of the IDF Personnel Directorate Maj.-Gen. Dado Bar Kalifa, IDF Infantry and Paratroopers Corps Commander Brig.-Gen. Eran Oliel, head of the IDF Ground Forces Personnel Division Brig.-Gen. Ehud Bibi, and head of the IDF Personnel Planning and Management Division Brig.-Gen. Shay Tayeb.
