Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-recruitment050825

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to IDF Armored Corps and Combat Engineering Recruits: "It is still necessary to complete the defeat of the enemy in Gaza, release our hostages and ensure that Gaza never again constitutes a threat to Israel. We are not giving up on any of these missions."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today , together with the Head of the IDF Personnel Branch, Maj.-Gen. David Bar Khalifa, visited the IDF induction base at Tel Hashomer and met with Armored Corps and Combat Engineering Corps recruits.

At the start of the visit, the Prime Minister met recruits as they received their gear, before donning their uniforms. He then spoke with the new recruits and answered their questions about the war and combat service in the IDF.

Prime Minister Netanyahu :

"I am here at the IDF induction base with yet another group of recruits for the Armored Corps and the Combat Engineering Corps, two corps that have done outstanding things in this war.

This is the sixth recruitment group during the war, and the number of recruits is increasing from group to group. This greatly attests to both the fighting spirit within us and to the spirit of unity. These two things have, in fact, given us the major victories that we have achieved to date, in striking both Hamas and Hezbollah, toppling the Assad regime and striking Iran.

These achievements, of course, are behind us but it is still necessary to complete the defeat of the enemy in Gaza, release our hostages and ensure that Gaza never again constitutes a threat to Israel. We are not giving up on any of these missions. We will do this together through the great sacrifice of our fighting men and women.

There has also been a great increase in the number of women who are volunteering for combat positions. I think that this attests to the strength of this people in ensuring the eternity of Israel."

Also participating in the visit were the Prime Minister's Chief-of-Staff, Tzachi Braverman, IDF Head of Planning and Personnel Management, Brig.-Gen. Shai Taib, Chief Armored Corps Officer Brig.-Gen. Ohad Maor, Chief Engineering Officer Brig.-Gen. Yoav Turchansky and IDF Meitav Unit  Head Col. Yifat Asher.
