Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-visit140825

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the Fighters of the Border Police Ultra-Orthodox Avnet Company: “There is no contradiction between Torah and service. You are here doing a sacred mitzvah¬ – ensuring the eternity of Israel.”

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the fighters of the Border Police ultra-orthodox Avnet company, together with National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, Israel Police Inspector General Danny Levy and Border Police Commander Brik Yitzhak.

The Prime Minister was briefed by the Jerusalem District Border Police Commander Eiran Levy on activity in the sector as well as on the ultra-orthodox company, which combines combat and adherence to an ultra-orthodox lifestyle.

Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke with the fighters and was impressed by their high motivation to serve, their strict training and their operational achievements in the field.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

“We are in a struggle for our existence, for the existence of Israel, the Torah of Israel, the Land of Israel and the State of Israel. This is an unceasing struggle. We have achieved victories, and need to wield the sword of David in order to exist here. We need our heritage, but also the brandished sword, because we are fighting those who have come to destroy us.

Your induction is that of generations. Generations of Jews have fought here in this land. We were expelled from here and returned here. We will hold this land only if we are able to fight for it, as well as for our faith, our character, our heritage and our identity.

I am very pleased to hear that you have found here the ability to maintain an ultra-orthodox, religious, lifestyle, which is very important, this is the intention. The intention is to continue holding both the sword and the Torah. This is very important for us. It is important for me to see you and I am pleased to hear that you want more, additional means. You want to advance and contribute to defending the State of Israel and the Land of Israel, and our homes. There are people here who are really defending home. I greatly appreciate this.

I also noted that you come from all parts of the country, and this is also a sign for the future. In effect, you are our vanguard. We want to expand this, add forces and bring your friends.

We are in a process of very important change in order to show the great contribution of all parts of society, but you – in my view – are pioneers. It is important to understand – there is no contradiction between Torah and service. We are taking care to cancel this contradiction, and you – in effect – are taking care to do so. You are here doing the sacred mitzvah¬ of ensuring the eternity of Israel.”
