Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event-batyam150625

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Bat Yam: Iran will pay a very heavy price for deliberately murdering our citizens, women and children."

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, today, visited the area of the missile strike in Bat Yam and made the following remarks:

"I am here in Bat Yam with IDF Home Front Command units and rescue forces/ On behalf of the people of Israel, I express sorrow over the loss of life that occurred here. Our hearts are with the families.

It is important to – and we must – adhere to the directives of the Home Front Command because whoever listened to, and carried out, the Home Front Command directives, and was in a protected space – was saved. Whoever was not, to our regret, was hit.

We are here because we are in an existential campaign, which is clear today to all citizens of Israel. Think of what could happen if Iran had atomic weapons to drop on Israeli cities.

Think of what could happen if Iran had 20,000 such missiles. Not one, but 20,000. This would be an existential threat to Israel. Therefore, we set out on a war of salvation against a double threat of annihilation, and we are doing so powerfully. Our soldiers, our pilots are in the skies over Iran. Iran will pay a very heavy price for deliberately murdering our citizens, women and children. We will also achieve our objectives and we will also strike them forcefully. They will feel the might of our arm.

Until then, and in the midst of this war, I ask you, citizens of Israel, adhere to the directives of Home Front Command. It will save your lives.

'Take good heed unto yourselves.' (Deuteronomy 4:15; https://mechon-mamre.org/p/pt/pt0504.htm) Watch your souls, your bodies and your lives – and together, with G-d's help, we will win. We are on the road to victory."

The Prime Minister was accompanied by the Defense Minister, the Energy Minister, the Israel Police Inspector General, the Fire and Rescue Service Commissioner, the Mayor of Bat Yam, and the Chairman of the Federation of Local Authorities
