Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spoke-joint060525

Pursuant to the approval of the operation and following the directive from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Israel Katz, the Air Force, today , for the second time in 24 hours, attacked terrorist targets of the Houthi terrorist regime in Yemen.

Infrastructure of the Houthi terrorist organization at the airport in the Sanaa region, as well as several power stations that were being used for terrorist purposes, were destroyed.

Prime Minister Netanyahu:

"I have said many times that whoever attacks the State of Israel will pay the price. Yesterday I said that the Houthis' attack would not be met with a 'one-and-done' response but several responses. We gave one response yesterday: A severe strike on the port of Hodeidah. Today our planes attacked the airport in Sanaa, an airport that enables the terrorist army and allows for the entry by air to the terrorist state, which enables the firing of missiles at us.

Our choice of when to respond, how to respond and what targets to strike – is a consideration that we are constantly making. This also stems from the Houthis' patron – Iran, without the approval and longtime support of which, the Houthis would be unable to make this reprehensible missile attack against us.

President Trump said it a-month-and-a-half ago. I am also saying it today – we will settle accounts with whoever attacks the State of Israel.

I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the IDF Chief-of-Staff; you, Commander of the Air Force; the intelligence; our marvelous air and ground crews; our amazing pilots; and everyone who took part. Congratulations on a perfect operation."

Defense Minister Katz:

"The Houthi terrorist organization attempted to attack Ben-Gurion Airport and in response today we destroyed the airport in Sanaa. We also struck additional targets, in continuation of the attacks yesterday on the port of Hodeidah, as well as additional national infrastructure.

Whoever harms us – we harm them seven-fold.

This is also a warning to the head of the Iranian octopus: You bear direct responsibility for the attack by the Houthi tentacle against the State of Israel, and you will also be held accountable for the results."
