Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart22052016



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this morning made the following remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting:

"From the outset, when we formed the government, I said that it was my intention to expand the government. Sixty-one is better than 59, but a government that is as broad as possible is the best thing for the State of Israel. We are in the midst of moves to expand the government. I think that a broader coalition will help us meet the many challenges facing us and also take advantage of the opportunities.

I would like to make it clear that a broad government will continue to strive for a diplomatic process with the Palestinians and we will do so with the assistance of elements in the region. I personally deal with this a lot, in many places and I intend to continue to do so.

Today, the government will approve the amended gas outline. The new agreement incorporates the comments that we received from the Supreme Court. The important thing now is not to delay, to advance toward bringing the gas that brings with it tremendous new resources for Israel's people – in social welfare, education, health and – in effect – in every aspect of life. I think that this is a very important – even historic – step for the Israeli economy, especially the people and we will use this gift that nature has granted us for the benefit of the state and its citizens.

This achievement, first of all, is yours, Yuval. As Energy Minister, you worked diligently, creatively and without respite. I very much appreciate this and I think that the citizens of Israel need to appreciate your contribution.

I would like to point out that many people were involved here who provided support and acted, and I think that their work was vital. I will point out two, but this is not to say that there were not many others. One is Avi Licht and his creative and very successful legal assistance and the second is the director general of my ministry, Eli Groner. I would like to thank both of you and everyone who helped you.

I would like to congratulate Hapoel Be'er Sheva for its great achievement, winning the national football championship after 40 years. I think that many things are taking place in the Negev and in Be'er Sheva in particular. It is quickly becoming the cyber capital of Israel and now it is the football capital as well. I think that we can congratulate them on behalf of all of the state's people."