Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventf35131114



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made the following remarks, at the end of his

visit to Israel Aerospace Industries, Ltd

. near Ben-Gurion International Airport:

"The IDF and the ISA are two very strong organizations with excellent people. Cooperation between them is a basic component of our national security; this cooperation led to significant results on the battlefield during Operation Protective edge. It saved many lives. Therefore, I, as Prime Minister, am responsible for this cooperation and it will continue because the security of Israel's citizens is always above any disagreement."

During his visit, Prime Minister Netanyahu observed the advanced developments and operational solutions that IAI offers to the defense establishment.

Prime Minister Netanyahu toured the

Lahav Division

, which is part of the

Military Aircraft Group

and visited the new assembly line for wings for the F-35, which was dedicated last week, as well as the

Engineering and Development Group

At the end of his visit, Prime Minister Netanyahu added:

"I am impressed by all of my visits to IAI, by the technological advances and by the extraordinary work of managers, engineers and workers for our national security. I am impressed by the great technological progress and the full cooperation with leading global aerospace companies. The blue-and-white capabilities here are among the best in the world."

IAI Chairman of the Board Rafi Maor said:

"We are proud that the Prime Minister has honored us with his visit today. In a conversation with him, we reviewed military, civilian and economic needs and solutions. I was pleased to receive considerable backing to move forward on main projects, including abroad. IAI is focused on exports; 80% of its activity is abroad. Annual sales are approximately $4 billion per annum. With the assistance of the Prime Minister on economic issues, as well as on classified security issues, I am certain that we will reach new heights."