Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/event48180515

-Translation-

For forty-eight years, unified Jerusalem has been the capital of Israel. It has been and will be so. Forty-eight years ago, we fought a brilliant defensive war, during which we unified Jerusalem. The war and its aftermath exposed the depth of our longing for Jerusalem and our tremendous strength of will to remain attached to it. Ever since Biblical times, through Herzl, until today, we always knew there was no Zionism without Zion and there is no Zion without Jerusalem.

Jerusalem before the Six Day War was a divided city, split and wounded. My dear friend, the late Uri Eliztur, one of the most senior journalists in Israel, my former bureau head, described in a book recently published in his memory his childhood here during the 1950s:

"My Jerusalem was a small town, sleepy and neglected, full of empty lots, brambles and wrecked cars. It was a town of no-man's lands and rusted barbed-wire fences. Like the poor children from port cities who go to the beach to watch the ships on which they would never sail, we would be drawn to the fences of the Mandelbaum Gate, staring in wonder at the UN personnel and pilgrims crossing over 'there'. Everything was forbidden, impossible. Enemy country."

The overwhelming majority of the Israeli public does not want to go back to the days in which legion snipers stood on the walls of our capital. I remember as a boy that snipers overlooked the heart of the city, and that is another reason Jerusalem never be divided again. It will not revert to being a frontline and a border town. We removed the fences, the walls, the fortifications and the mines. We stitched together the gash, we connected its parts. This does not mean that the connection is perfect; it does not mean there is no seam line; it does not mean that there aren't any problems; this does not mean there are no tasks ahead. There are and they are many. There is much still to complete and there is much still to improve, but we will not go backwards. Jerusalem is at the heart of the State of Israel and no enemy seeking to destroy the country will ever occupy it again.

I believe that there is broad consensus on this matter, but sometimes I hear other voices. This is an opportunity, my colleague, head of the opposition, to make your position clear. During the elections, you were quoted as saying, "I see Jerusalem serving as two political capitals – in East Jerusalem the capital of the Palestinian state and in the western part of the city, the capital of the Jewish state." On the other hand, you also said during the elections that you "will keep Jerusalem united," and I think this is an opportunity to clarify your true position. Are you in favor of a unified Jerusalem or in favor of Jerusalem's division into two capitals? And another important point: Are you in favor of building in all parts of Jerusalem? Because several months ago, when we were building in Jewish neighborhoods of Jerusalem – in Gilo – members, senior members of your party harshly criticized this construction.

I have a clear position: We build in Jerusalem. I instructed that the Har Homa neighborhood be built and today there are tens of thousands of residents living there, a city within the city. I instructed that the Maaleh HaZaytim neighborhood be built. We are building in Ramot; we are building in Gilo; we are building in Pisgat Zeev; we are building in Ramat Shlomo; we are building inside the city and we are building in its outer neighborhoods. We are also building in Arab neighborhoods of the city, but as President Rivlin said yesterday, and rightly so, more should be built there, more should be improved and we will build and improve more for the benefit of all Jerusalem's residents.

We are not building in Jerusalem in order to clash with the international community, but rather do so responsibly and with discretion because it is our natural right. We build in Jerusalem as there is building in Washington, London, Paris and Rome. Members of Knesset, throughout history Jerusalem was the capital of the Jewish people alone. Other nations conquered it, but they did not make it their capital. In Jerusalem, there are sites holy to all religions – Judaism, Christianity and Islam – and we diligently protect them. We will not allow the desecration of ritual sites in Jerusalem as we see in other parts of the Middle East.

It should be emphasized – as a political center, as the capital of a nation, Jerusalem was only ever our capital from the time of King David 3,000 years ago. This is a fundamental fact, but there are people who methodically try to deny it and try to deny, blur, hide, our deep connection to Jerusalem, as well as the fact that it is an open and free city for all religions. I ask, how can this be denied? The forefathers of our nation lived in Jerusalem. I mentioned King David, the Prophet Isaiah, the kings of Israel, the prophets of Israel, the Maccabees, two temples stood on the mount in majesty and magnificence – this is denied in the world today.

Jews around the world for generations have prayed "Next year in Jerusalem", and I tell you, Members of Knesset, some people deny this and next time I will bring you numerous quotes that say that we were never here, that others were here before us and will be here after us and that Jerusalem will be divided. And I say to all those people: The first part is not true; the second part will never come to pass. I say this too.

We can see that the battle for Jerusalem did not end when the Israeli flag flew over the Western Wall. Ever since then, people have been trying to expropriate our right to Jerusalem, expropriate it from Israel. This desire has increased over the past several years as a result of the rise and proliferation of Islamic extremism.  Radical Islamic fundamentalists compete over who can be more extreme, the followers of this caliphate versus the followers of another caliphate – everyone claims Jerusalem for themselves and they all want to expel others from Jerusalem, expel from it the members of the religions, eliminate freedom and deny the right of choice and prayer.

It is democratic Israel and democratic Israel alone that defends the open, free and tolerant Jerusalem. I think anyone can understand what will happen to them if we listen to advice to vacate Jerusalem or parts of it, to relinquish the holy places to a different sovereignty. We look around the Middle East and we know what will take over any territory we vacate, which radicals, what violence, what savagery, what barbarism. And the only thing standing up to it is one force – not one kind of international guarantee or another, not a piece of paper and not a statement. The only thing assuring the free character of Jerusalem, the freedom of ritual, liberalism, is Israeli sovereignty.

Over the past year, there has been an increase in the number of violent and terrorist acts in Jerusalem, also because of wild incitement. The goal of this incitement is to scoop Jerusalem up into the religious whirlwind that is sweeping the Middle East. We have great responsibility in this regard. We worked with deliberation, including with members of Knesset and ministers. I have said that there are days and weeks and months when we do not visit the Temple Mount. I went to Jordan and met with King Abdullah, together with Secretary of State Kerry. We spoke with the president of Egypt, al-Sisi, and we said, "Let us find a way to calm the situation because we want calm, we want a quiet and tranquil Jerusalem." The inciters and terrorists won't accomplish their mission because we are acting against them with an iron fist.

The prophet Zephaniah said, "On that day, it will be said to Jerusalem, 'Have no fear! O Zion, do not despair!'" We have no fear and we do not despair. Anyone who refuses to recognize Israel's existence as the Jewish state, certainly they refuse to accept Jerusalem's existence as the capital of Israel given that they are one and the same. The demand for Jerusalem obfuscates the true demand of our enemies – to denounce the very existence of the State of Israel.

This will not happen, ladies and gentlemen. Jerusalem is our capital. It has been and it will be. Anyone who visits Jerusalem, and I am pleased to say that many people do, see that it is not a stagnant place. It constantly renews itself, it is vibrant, it changes. Torah study alongside high technology – because the Torah will go out from Zion and from Zion much software goes out as well. Look at the road leading up to Jerusalem – it is being developed and expanded. We are carving through the mountain, upgrading roads, laying train tracks. Look at the walls of Jerusalem, they are teeming with visitors. Look at the streets, the museums, Mahane Yehuda market, the malls.

Under the leadership of Mayor Nir Barkat, we are building gems like the new National Library, just several meters from here, a gem and true culture. And the campus for Land of Israel archaeological study. We are proud of Jerusalem. We are grateful for the privilege we have been granted to contribute to its building and we are determined to keep it whole, united, free, flourishing and under our sovereignty.

We shall "elevate Jerusalem above our foremost joy" today, every day and always.
