Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/pmnetanyahusremarksatthestartoftodayscabinetmeeting

Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today: "I asked Prof. Manuel Trajtenberg to submit to the Social and Economic Cabinet concrete solutions during the month of September, as quickly as possible – but not too quickly. We are dealing here with complex issues. We intend to arrive at concrete solutions, not generalizations, but rather concrete solutions to concrete problems of reducing the cost of living and the closing of gaps in the State of Israel, gaps including those between the periphery and the center. For that purpose we must receive recommendations which characterize choice. A change of priorities means a choice, a choice between various constraints. One of the central constraints which we work under is the world economy. The world economy is presently experiencing a serious spasm. We will hear about it during the meeting from Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz and Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fischer. We know one thing: We want to find solutions that are economically sound. For if we end up bankrupt or face economic collapse, a reality in which some of Europe's leading economies find themselves in today, we will not solve neither the economic problems nor the social ones. Therefore, responsibility is demanded of us, financial responsibility alongside social sensitivity. That is the necessary formula and we will bring about practical solutions. One of the practical solutions that we are presenting today, which has been discussed for many years – is a reform of high schools. I want to praise Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz and Education Minister Gideon Sa'ar as well as the teachers' representatives who today are bringing about a very large reform – "Oz L'tmora" in the high schools. This reform was born as a result of a large government effort in the field of education, which is expressed, among other things, in a very large reform in higher education, which already will be implemented and for which we will invest seven billion NIS over the coming years. These reforms reflect our desire to improve the entire educational system in Israel. We are already seeing the first signs of change that are starting to appear in test result trends. It's important, it's welcome and we will continue forcefully in this direction."
