Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/pmnetanyahuremarksonatouroftherishonletzionbneidromrailline

The train opens land reserves and allows students to reside outside the metropolitan center and to arrive to the center quickly. That erases the social gaps. This is a great social change that opens horizons. Intense work is being carried out here, and I praise you. But please quicker. We are building a network of trains and roads to the Galilee, the Negev and in the center. Thus we are opening the country's traffic jams. Simultaneously, we are also unjamming the bureaucracy which will allow us to exploit these lands for building. The way to solve the housing problem is by opening new stretches of land on which we can build. There is a housing problem. We are acting towards a solution to this also by building trains, roads, intersections, bridges, to the north and to the south, to the Galilee and to the Negev, while breaking through the bureaucratic roadblocks that will allow us to build many apartments. This is a social matter of foremost importance. We are making a revolution in transportation, a revolution in housing and in land, which fundamentally is a great social revolution that will change the face of the country. This is only one of the things that we are doing, and which we will continue to do together with many other different things. I would like to thank Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz and his Dir.-Gen. Dan Harel and to you, the people from Israel Railways for everything that you are building here. You are doing something here which is for the generations. I want to praise you for this. I have only on request from you: To accelerate, quicker. I know that in the mountains and in the hills the train flies. I want it to fly quicker. Also construction is important. Thank you. The periphery was connected in the United States in the middle of the 19th century, by train. The periphery of Europe was connected during the 20th century, by train. Today it is being done in China and in Asia, again, by train. We have waited 63 years in order to connect the periphery of the State of Israel by train. This is a social matter of foremost importance because it allows the periphery to arrive to the center and the center to arrive to the periphery. This process produces dilution, opens stretches of land for housing and lessens the gaps in the State of Israel; a process which society and the country has been so looking forward to. That is what we are doing with the train, but also with roads and also with intersections. I want to thank you Yisrael Katz, to you Dan Harel and to the Dir.-Gen. of Israel Railways, and to all of the people dealing with this and with roads. It is a transportation-social revolution. I thank you.
