Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/pmnetanyahusremarksduringhisvisittothesorokamedicalcenterinbeersheva

"I am pleased to see you [Be'er Sheva Mayor Ruvik Danilovich] even if the circumstances are not so pleasing, and you Mickey [Soroka Medical Center Director Dr. Mickey Scharf]. We met here a few years ago. We have had several years of relative quiet. Yesterday, there was an attempt to escalate the situation, to use Sinai as a route from Gaza, and we view this with utmost gravity. We have two answers to this threat. The first, as you have said and you are right, is defense in the skies and on the ground, in the form of the fence that I ordered to be built over a year ago. We will expedite it. We now have 45 kilometers; we will finish another 100 by the end of the year. We are due to complete it by the end of 2012. I can tell you that we will very much push this. This will be a fence against both terrorism and infiltrators. It is important but neither it nor the active defense of Iron Dome are sufficient because there must be an active, deterrent response. The Policy that i have set was put into operation immediately, i.e. there was an immediate response. We eliminated the head of the. organization that operated these terrorists. The soldiers in the field acted with great courage and I must say that I was also impressed by the spirit and fortitude of the soldiers who were wounded. Their conduct was extraordinary, including the medics who treated them, and the driver who acted as he did. They performed well in the field, and the IDF soldiers and Israel Police anti-terrorism unit hit the terrorists and eliminated them. Several hours later, we eliminated those who dispatched them, including the head of the organization that gave the order to murder Israelis. They hid in Gaza. They thought that they were immune. They are no longer; they no longer walk this earth. This, I emphasize, is the preliminary response. We have a policy of exacting a very high price from those who attack us and this policy has been expressed. This was an unfolding attack. I was very impressed by the way you got organized and I must commend your exceptional work. The surgery and the swift action were very impressive. I have seen six soldiers here. I am certain that I will yet see them healthy and this is thanks to you. I was also impressed by your special spirit; it will serve us in dealing with this threat. I would like to thank you again; we have much to build on here, and we will do it together: Railways, parks and factories so that these wonderful young people and the State of Israel might have a bright future. The Negev and the south will not be neglected."
