Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speech40sign



I am sorry, as some of my colleagues have mentioned, to see that at this meeting that was requested by 40 Members of Knesset, most of them are not here, as they are not truly interested in hearing the discussion or listening to one another.

This meeting is held approximately once every 30 days, and once every 30 days I customarily open the discussion by summarizing the most important actions and decisions made by the government and coalition over the last few weeks.

We have dealt with several things that have been discussed for years but nothing was ever done about them.

Our first decision, one that is important for the future of the State of Israel, is to erect a fence along the southern border – an obstacle that I think will very soon become a physical fence along our border with Egypt. This is one of the ways we are going to stop the flood, literally the flood of illegal infiltrators that started in 2005-2006 and has been increasing since then. We know that this is our responsibility, it was discussed by others too, it was on the table, possible solutions were raised, but nothing was done. Eventually we made this decision: to establish a detention facility, to impose heavy fines and punishments on employers and to work internationally to stop this flood that threatens every citizen. It threatens citizens' jobs; it threatens the Jewish and democratic character of Israel. Go to Arad, Eilat, South Tel Aviv. If we don't take this action, it will soon be the same everywhere. We are taking actions, executing steps and making changes that are vital for the security and the future of Israel – namely, the fence.

The second decision we made was one that has also been discussed for years, talked about but no one ever took action. Correction: they did, but it was too little and too slow. Two weeks ago we decided to bring the remaining residents of the Gondar Compound to Israel. I once made a similar decision, I had the privilege to make the decision during my first tenure as Prime Minister and we are now doing it for a second time. I believe that this will bring this saga to a conclusion. The Jewish Agency is willing to take responsibility to deal with any residual issues and this is significant in bringing an end to a very painful chapter of bringing one of the tribes of Israel home. As I said, they talked about it and we're doing it.

The third decision is a revolution in communications as is being done in the Knesset. A decision has been made, and I commend the Minister of Communications, Moshe Kahlon, and the Chairman of the Economic Affairs Committee, Ofir Akunis, for this. This is something we've all been talking about and we're finally doing: introducing a fourth competitor into the cellular market, with an option for a fifth. In addition, significantly reducing fines for leaving cellular plans. I think that this will release the public from the iron grip of the cellular companies; it will increase competition and make service cheaper. Again, these are things that people have talked about, but we are doing.

The fourth thing: we are in the midst of a revolution not only in communications but also in transportation. We are launching new projects weekly. We are building railroads and paving roads at an investment of almost NIS 30 billion. Actually, it's NIS 27 billion. Yesterday, I had the privilege and enjoyment I must add, of coming full circle: as Prime Minister, I laid the corner stone for the Carmel Tunnels and promoted the project as Finance Minister. I must thank finance ministers who helped and labored to this end, and one of them is here today. This success has partners, but what happened yesterday is important. We are releasing the traffic jams not only in Haifa, but in the entire North; we are connecting northern Israel to the center, the center to the north and also to the south, because intensive, important and historic work is now starting on planning the railroad to Eilat.

I flew over the Negev to reach the fence. One can see vast expanses, huge reserves of land that are empty, nothing but wilderness, empty desert. That is where the real land reserves for crowded Israel are. That is where we are going to see change, when there is a train to the south that will branch out and connect with roads. That is where our future is. This is now happening. Once again, we are doing this after years of talk.

Another decision that we made last week, within these 30 days, is the decision to have a referendum. Again, it has been discussed for years. The late Yitzhak Rabin spoke about it; all the prime ministers talked about it. But we didn't just talk; we did. I have to tell you, I've heard criticism about this and I also spoke about it with MK Chaim Oron at a discussion here at which most of you were not present. I told him: "Why do you have problem with it? A decision will be made. If the people think it is the right decision and vital for their future, they will approve it. If they think that it's a bad decision that will have a negative effect on their future, they will reject it." Such a decision, at such a magnitude, has to be accepted, not by 95 MKs or 105 MKs like with the peace agreements with Jordan and Egypt. But a real decision that must be accepted, how will it be decided? According to who gets a Mitsubishi and who gets a Mazda?

It must be given the people's approval. In the past, you were part of the general consensus among the people regarding a referendum. I would like to ask my colleagues from the opposition and from Kadima: you were in support of a referendum, one of you even proposed this bill. And I ask you what happened? Why did you run away from it? Why are you flip-flopping? Why have you changed your mind? Do you no longer trust the public? Maybe we should have it replaced? Have confidence in the people. It is a reasonable, responsible people. A referendum is the most fitting thing to do, morally and democratically.

We have made crucial decisions regarding infrastructure and transportation, communications, Aliyah, securing our borders, and also regarding a referendum. We did all this in the last 30 days. I know people like to repeat the well-known slogans regarding decisions.

Minister Gilad Erdan said something important during the interjection: that over the last 6 weeks we did something else that has been discussed for years. We made decisions regarding the implementation of a NIS 2.2 billion plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, another issue that had been discussed, had been on the table and talked about, but my government made the decision about it. All this has been done in the last 30 days, so let's have a little humility on the part of the government's critics. They do their job, they spout their slogans. But the truth is that this government – and not only in the last 30 days but generally – has been making decisions about issues that have been waiting to be solved, waiting to be decided on, waiting to be implemented for so many years, also at times when you were in governments that did not deal with these fundamental problems.

Now, I would like to draw your attention to two points, two truths that have been exposed during these 30 days. There are concepts that, when repeated again and again, gain the status of self-evident truth, until the people who declare them truth get hit in the face by reality. Over the years one of these truths – and I've even heard it during this session because MK Dalia Itzik was here for a moment – that the root of the problem in the Middle East, the cause for instability in our region, stems from the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Those who say that usually have something to add, and I'll tell you what that is in a minute. But that is actually the root of the problem. I'm not saying that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is not a crucial problem that requires a resolution. It is a problem that needs a solution and I'll get to it in a minute. But throughout the years, it has been explained to us that this was the root of the matter and this is what is preventing various forces in the region from joining together to hold back the danger.

What has become very clear in the past few weeks and days, and cannot be ignored, is that the origin of the instability in the Middle East is first and foremost Iran. The greatest danger to the future of the region and to world peace is first and foremost Iran. This is not trivial. It was debated and we had to argue about it. I personally argued about it and spoke about it, discussed it with world leaders and whole publics, in this house too. What we are discovering now, and it is no small thing, is that today there is much broader agreement among world leaders, diplomatic bodies and strategists that the largest current threat to world peace and peace in this region is a nuclear Iran. I think this should be recognized first and foremost.

Now comes the second thing which is of course the question regarding the reason for the Israeli-Arab conflict, or why the Israeli-Palestinian conflict has not been resolved. I say that, among other things, it is related to the first truth which you can dismiss. It is because the Iranians have proxies here – and that is the Hamas which threatens the Palestinian Authority, and the PA is shrinking because of that and is moving away from peace.

The second thing that arises from this concept that Israel is the side that does not want to advance peace negotiations is that there are real obstructions in the PA preventing them from making the moves towards peace. It is not Israel, but the PA.

We are trying to advance peace in various ways; we are making attempts to advance the political process. I cannot guarantee that we will be successful but I promise that we will continue trying and I hope we succeed. For us to succeed, we need a partner for a responsible peace, not the kind of peace in which you discard your flak jacket, rifle and all your defenses, shut your eyes and hope for the best. We want to see real security arrangements and a basic recognition for the right of the Jewish people to a state of its own. I want us to have such a partner, I yearn for that, but for us to have a partner we need them to have a leader who tells his people the truth. I told my people the truth; I said it in my Bar-Ilan speech, and I am waiting for Abu Mazen to tell his people the truth.

A few days ago I heard that the Palestinian Information Ministry was publishing a study that claims that the Jewish people has no connection to the Western Wall. Did you hear that? The Western Wall! I am trying to envision what the reaction would be among those sitting here today and any responsible person in the world if the Israeli government were to say that Islam has no ties to Mecca, or that Christianity and the Vatican are not linked and Judaism has no connection to the Western Wall. It is not only a religious bond, it is a religious and national bond, a historic link of the highest level that has been going on for thousands of years, and this too is not trivial because this is a test point.

I call on Abu Mazen to condemn this, denounce this statement, turn to your people and tell them: "The Jewish people are here, they have been here for close to 4,000 years, we recognize this people, we recognize their historic bond with this land and this city." We want to make peace with you, but a genuine peace. Peace is based on the truth, not on spin, not on lies, not on half-truths or non-truths. It is based on truth. I call on Abu Mazen to promote peace; tell your people the truth.

You probably heard the firm denouncement made by the US State Department spokesman about this harsh and puzzling statement by the PA in their attempt to deny out historic link to the Western Wall.

We have been working closely with the United States over the past few weeks trying to find an effective route to resuming talks and this is our shared goal. Our joint objective is to reach an agreement.

I think that there are two basic truths that everyone knows, whether they will admit it now or later. One is that radical Islam, under the leadership of Iran, is the biggest threat to our future and we need to consolidate international efforts, without digressions and interferences, in order to stop Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons.

The second thing is that Israel is not preventing a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Rather, it is the PA which is unwilling to stand up and tell its people the truth regarding the need for genuine compromise. When everything else fades away, when one truth becomes increasingly clear, so will this second truth come into full view. I hope that the Palestinians respond to this call. I hope that Abu Mazen will tell his people the truth in order to achieve a genuine peace.